The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? Answer: large. Output: The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size? The object that is the same color as the tiny cube is what size?
What number of objects are tiny spheres or brown blocks behind the gray matte object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny spheres or brown blocks behind the gray matte object.
Are there any gray rubber spheres on the left side of the matte block that is to the right of the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the matte thing in front of the large cube? Answer: cyan. Output: The matte thing in front of the large cube is blue.
Are there an equal number of small things that are left of the gray object and large cyan matte balls? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing that is both to the left of the gray sphere and to the right of the small cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What color is the other object that is the same shape as the large brown matte thing? Answer: brown. Output: blue
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the brown rubber object that is in front of the brown rubber block on the right side of the matte object that is on the left side of the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a thing that is behind the small gray object; is its size the same as the matte block in front of the small brown block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a cyan thing that has the same material as the cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a thing that is in front of the brown thing; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: green
There is a large cyan matte object; does it have the same shape as the shiny object to the left of the big cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there another block that has the same color as the tiny cube? Answer: no. Output: No
What size is the brown block that is the same material as the large green object? Answer: small. Output: The brown block is the same size as the large green object.
Does the large cylinder have the same color as the tiny block? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the large shiny object left of the big cyan object and the large cyan object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many green objects have the same size as the green metallic block? Answer: 0. Output: There is only one green object that has the same size as the green metallic block.
There is a block in front of the big yellow metallic cube; are there any yellow things behind it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are blocks that are in front of the big green shiny thing or small purple spheres? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a green cylinder that is the same size as the yellow metallic cube; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is another thing that is the same shape as the brown metallic object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of things are brown blocks or green metallic cylinders that are to the right of the tiny cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: three
The big brown shiny thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
The tiny object in front of the small thing behind the small yellow shiny thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What is the material of the big object that is the same color as the small metal cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The big object that is the same color as the small metal cylinder is made of metal.
There is a small cylinder that is made of the same material as the big brown thing; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
Are there any other things that are the same size as the brown object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a green object that is the same size as the brown object.
Is the color of the object that is in front of the yellow block the same as the block behind the tiny yellow metal object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the color of the object that is in front of the yellow block is the same as the block behind the tiny yellow metal object.
Are there more metallic things that are behind the tiny yellow metal block than large brown metallic cubes on the right side of the large metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more metallic things that are behind the tiny yellow metal block than large brown metallic cubes on the right side of the large metal cylinder.
Do the matte cylinder and the small block have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No
The big rubber object in front of the big matte object left of the large cylinder on the right side of the shiny object is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What is the material of the small purple thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The small purple thing is made of plastic.
The other large thing that is made of the same material as the gray thing is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
Are there any large cylinders that are in front of the cyan cylinder that is on the left side of the large cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same shape as the big cyan metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Does the matte object that is to the left of the tiny purple thing have the same shape as the thing that is in front of the cyan rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a block right of the large matte thing left of the small rubber thing; how many small blocks are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: three
The big block has what color? Answer: gray. Output: purple.
What number of other objects are the same size as the metallic object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
The small object that is in front of the tiny rubber sphere that is to the right of the purple rubber ball is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many other objects are the same shape as the tiny metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a shiny object in front of the big metal block; is it the same shape as the matte object that is in front of the small gray rubber object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the shiny object in front of the big metal block is the same shape as the matte object that is in front of the small gray rubber object.
What material is the big purple ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The big purple ball is made of plastic.
What is the material of the tiny thing that is in front of the big purple matte thing? Answer: metal. Output: The tiny thing that is in front of the big purple matte thing is made of plastic.
Are there any other things that are the same color as the tiny ball? Answer: no. Output: No
The object that is made of the same material as the tiny purple block is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many big things are either purple shiny objects or gray things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three big things that are either purple shiny objects or gray things.
There is a object in front of the block to the left of the small object in front of the big yellow block; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of other objects have the same size as the purple metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Are there any other things that have the same material as the red sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other objects that have the same material as the red sphere.
What shape is the thing that is in front of the small yellow cylinder and to the right of the rubber thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: egg
Are there the same number of tiny objects in front of the small red cylinder and brown cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many objects are either red cylinders or small shiny cylinders in front of the yellow shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two red cylinders and one small shiny cylinder in front of the yellow shiny object.
Are there any other small things that have the same shape as the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there an equal number of red metal cylinders that are behind the big red rubber thing and metal objects in front of the large shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of red metal cylinders behind the big red rubber thing and metal objects in front of the large shiny thing.
What number of red things are large rubber objects or cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 1
What number of yellow objects have the same size as the yellow metallic cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What color is the thing that is both in front of the block and right of the tiny red object? Answer: yellow. Output: yellow
Are there more red things in front of the red rubber object than green metallic balls? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more red things in front of the red rubber object than green metallic balls.
Is the material of the red ball the same as the ball that is to the right of the big metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a red thing in front of the blue object; is its shape the same as the small rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of blue spheres have the same material as the large red thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What number of things are objects in front of the blue shiny sphere or green matte objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects in front of the blue shiny sphere or green matte objects.
What size is the blue object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the blue object is not specified in the image.
There is a ball that is to the right of the ball in front of the rubber cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the size of the shiny object that is left of the green metallic cylinder the same as the small ball? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any tiny things that have the same color as the big ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny things that have the same color as the big ball.
How many things are objects behind the green rubber cylinder or balls right of the big red shiny sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects behind the green rubber cylinder or balls right of the big red shiny sphere.
Is the small metal cylinder the same color as the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small metal cylinder is a different color than the matte cylinder.
Are there any tiny blue shiny objects that have the same shape as the brown shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny blue shiny objects that have the same shape as the brown shiny thing.
Is the color of the small thing that is in front of the blue thing the same as the cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the size of the metallic object on the left side of the matte cylinder the same as the metallic sphere that is behind the small gray ball? Answer: no. Output: No
The other sphere that is the same material as the brown sphere is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many things are left of the small gray shiny object and behind the large blue cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are two things left of the small gray shiny object and behind the large blue cube.
What number of objects are purple metallic spheres or tiny metal objects in front of the tiny brown ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are three purple metallic spheres or tiny metal objects in front of the tiny brown ball.
There is a small ball left of the gray metallic sphere; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: green
What number of objects are tiny metallic things in front of the brown shiny ball or green things? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a metal sphere that is the same size as the gray metal object; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: green
Are there more gray objects that are on the left side of the small cylinder than big blue metallic blocks? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more gray objects on the left side of the small cylinder than big blue metallic blocks.
How many small cyan cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small cyan cubes.
Do the cylinder on the right side of the big cyan object and the large cyan thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many brown metal objects are behind the large object in front of the small object that is behind the green thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are two brown metal objects behind the large object in front of the small object that is behind the green thing.
The green shiny thing has what size? Answer: large. Output: The green shiny thing has a small size.
Does the big shiny block have the same color as the large shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
How big is the shiny cylinder that is behind the rubber cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the shiny cylinder that is behind the rubber cylinder is not specified in the image.
How many other objects are the same shape as the small gray thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Is the number of big blocks that are in front of the brown metallic cylinder the same as the number of tiny cylinders on the right side of the big cyan metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No, the number of big blocks that are in front of the brown metallic cylinder is different from the number of tiny cylinders on the right side of the big cyan metal thing.
Are the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object and the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object. Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object. Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object. Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object. Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object. Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object. Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cylinder right of the gray rubber object. Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green metallic thing is made of the same material as the brown cyl
Are there any other things that are the same size as the ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of blue things are metallic cubes or spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 1
The large metal cube has what color? Answer: green. Output: The large metal cube has a green color.
Is the number of large green metallic blocks behind the tiny metal thing less than the number of small metallic spheres to the right of the big green object? Answer: no. Output: yes
The thing that is both behind the gray metal cylinder and in front of the blue metallic object has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: square
What number of other objects are the same shape as the large gray object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a blue ball that is the same material as the green object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many purple blocks have the same size as the cyan shiny thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the color of the metallic cylinder that is in front of the metallic cylinder behind the big gray object? Answer: gray. Output: The color of the metallic cylinder that is in front of the metallic cylinder behind the big gray object is silver.
Is there a large matte block that has the same color as the small metal ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large matte block that has the same color as the small metal ball.
Is the color of the small matte block the same as the block that is right of the large matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the material of the brown object the same as the tiny thing that is behind the purple rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many large objects are purple matte things or blue metallic balls? Answer: 0. Output: There are two large objects that are purple matte things or blue metallic balls.
Is the number of yellow matte objects less than the number of large brown things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the size of the metallic object that is to the left of the cylinder the same as the thing in front of the purple object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of purple objects are either matte balls or matte blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the number of red things greater than the number of tiny objects? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are either brown matte things or large objects behind the small purple matte block? Answer: 1. Output: three
What number of other objects are the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Are there fewer big objects that are to the right of the large brown cube than small objects left of the large red metal object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the small red shiny object? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the size of the object that is both right of the cyan sphere and left of the tiny red metallic object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the object that is both right of the cyan sphere and left of the tiny red metallic object is small.
What number of things are either large green things or rubber things? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a cyan thing; is it the same size as the shiny thing on the left side of the tiny red shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How big is the green thing that is on the right side of the green thing that is in front of the tiny cyan thing on the right side of the green shiny object? Answer: small. Output: the green thing on the right side of the green thing that is in front of the tiny cyan thing on the right side of the green shiny object is quite small
Are there any small matte cubes? Answer: no. Output: Yes
There is a small ball that is the same color as the big shiny sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of matte balls have the same color as the large shiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
How many things are either objects that are in front of the red object or green balls that are left of the cyan rubber thing? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either in front of the red object or green balls that are left of the cyan rubber thing.
What number of tiny red objects are to the left of the metallic object that is in front of the red object? Answer: 0. Output: two
Is there anything else that has the same material as the small block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that has the same material as the small block. There is another object that has the same material as the small block, which is plastic.
Is the number of small metal things in front of the tiny green matte ball greater than the number of big objects that are behind the large cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the shape of the big matte thing the same as the small rubber thing that is left of the small yellow rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the size of the object behind the yellow matte ball the same as the cyan block in front of the small cube? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a cyan thing behind the matte thing in front of the shiny object; is there a tiny yellow rubber ball on the left side of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of tiny yellow matte objects to the left of the yellow sphere less than the number of matte balls on the right side of the big cyan block? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What shape is the cyan thing that is made of the same material as the green sphere? Answer: cube. Output: square
How big is the cube behind the matte thing in front of the block behind the big cyan cube? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
Are there more large cyan matte blocks than cyan matte spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more large cyan matte blocks than cyan matte spheres.
There is a small matte thing to the left of the yellow object; is it the same color as the tiny object that is right of the tiny cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the other thing that is the same shape as the big rubber object? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there any other things that have the same material as the small gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two other objects that have the same material as the small gray cylinder.
Are there an equal number of tiny matte blocks in front of the tiny gray matte thing and small rubber blocks to the right of the big matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of tiny matte blocks in front of the tiny gray matte thing and small rubber blocks to the right of the big matte object.
Do the big thing and the brown thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
How many green objects are either tiny things or tiny spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of other small matte things are the same shape as the gray matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What is the material of the green object? Answer: rubber. Output: The green object is made of plastic.
Are there an equal number of large purple balls to the left of the metallic object and large gray metallic cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of large purple balls to the left of the metallic object and large gray metallic cylinders.
What shape is the green thing that is the same size as the rubber cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
There is a red cylinder to the right of the small yellow metal thing; is it the same size as the red metal thing that is behind the yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red metallic object that is behind the small yellow shiny thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a matte cylinder right of the red metal cylinder; is it the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small red metal object; how many big red cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: There are two big red cylinders in front of the small red metal object.
Are there fewer small metal things that are in front of the tiny yellow object than red things that are on the left side of the small red metal object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of red cylinders are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What is the color of the metal object to the left of the tiny yellow cylinder? Answer: red. Output: The metal object to the left of the tiny yellow cylinder is red.
How big is the yellow metallic thing? Answer: small. Output: The yellow metallic thing is about the size of a pencil.
What is the color of the object on the left side of the tiny red cylinder that is to the left of the tiny yellow metallic object? Answer: red. Output: The color of the object on the left side of the tiny red cylinder that is to the left of the tiny yellow metallic object is gold.
Is the shape of the rubber object on the right side of the tiny red thing the same as  the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere made of the same material as the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of the same material as the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube. No, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of a different material than the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube. Yes, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of the same material as the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube. No, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of a different material than the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube. Yes, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of the same material as the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube. No, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of a different material than the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube. Yes, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of the same material as the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube. No, the tiny object in front of the cyan sphere is made of a different material than the sphere that is behind the tiny blue matte cube.
What color is the other rubber thing that is the same shape as the blue object? Answer: brown. Output: green
There is a thing that is behind the tiny brown matte object and in front of the blue matte block; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the shape of the small blue matte thing behind the tiny brown object the same as the metallic thing that is on the right side of the brown cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of small cyan objects have the same material as the green thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What shape is the thing that is on the left side of the small cyan metallic thing and in front of the tiny blue thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are the cube behind the brown thing and the small green thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there anything else that is the same material as the brown block? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the color of the other metallic object that is the same size as the cyan metallic thing? Answer: green. Output: The other metallic object that is the same size as the cyan metallic thing is gold.
There is a brown object that is the same material as the blue thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there anything else that is made of the same material as the green sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple sphere that is made of the same material as the green sphere.
What number of things are big metal spheres or purple things? Answer: 3. Output: 2
Is the size of the gray matte thing the same as the cylinder in front of the cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a matte cylinder that is behind the cylinder that is on the right side of the rubber thing left of the cube; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a brown rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing that is the same color as the cube; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of tiny cylinders have the same color as the big rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many things are either matte objects that are in front of the rubber block or purple objects in front of the small purple rubber block? Answer: 1. Output: There are two matte objects that are in front of the rubber block, and there is one purple object in front of the small purple rubber block.
There is a purple matte object behind the large purple matte cylinder; how many small blocks are on the left side of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a large cylinder that is the same material as the small cylinder; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
How many things are things that are on the left side of the tiny yellow metallic thing or tiny green matte cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: three
How many other things are the same size as the yellow thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the size of the metal thing on the right side of the blue metal ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the metal thing on the right side of the blue metal ball is small.
What is the shape of the other small thing that is made of the same material as the tiny yellow object? Answer: sphere. Output: The other small thing that is made of the same material as the tiny yellow object is a cube.
Is there anything else that has the same color as the small ball? Answer: no. Output: No
The tiny metallic thing that is on the left side of the tiny shiny object on the right side of the tiny blue metallic thing is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What number of tiny objects are either yellow shiny blocks or metal spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny objects that are either yellow shiny blocks or metal spheres.
The small block is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: blue.
How many objects are to the right of the small thing left of the yellow metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is there another object that has the same shape as the tiny yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the thing to the left of the yellow shiny cube have the same shape as the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is another thing that is the same shape as the tiny yellow metallic thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there anything else that has the same size as the green metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any small brown rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the material of the cylinder that is behind the tiny object on the left side of the small matte thing on the left side of the tiny blue sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a large shiny object; is its shape the same as the small object that is in front of the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of yellow shiny objects have the same shape as the large green metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What shape is the small yellow metal thing? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
There is a red cylinder that is to the right of the metallic thing that is in front of the big block; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of things are either large cyan shiny things or big green shiny objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
How many tiny things are metal cylinders or metal blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny things that are metal cylinders or metal blocks.
There is a rubber block; is it the same size as the shiny object behind the cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What shape is the small blue object that is made of the same material as the cyan object? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are any big red matte things visible? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there fewer cyan objects that are behind the large thing than tiny metallic objects that are right of the tiny shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a metallic thing behind the gray matte object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are the cyan object and the tiny blue block made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the cyan object and the tiny blue block are made of different materials.
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are three other objects that are made of the same material as the cyan object.
What is the material of the other small object that is the same shape as the small gray thing? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the other small object that is the same shape as the small gray thing is plastic.
How many things are both on the left side of the small ball and behind the large cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 1
What color is the big thing in front of the big cube? Answer: purple. Output: The big thing in front of the big cube is purple.
There is a red object that is made of the same material as the sphere; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many tiny red cylinders are on the right side of the big object that is behind the metal cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
How many tiny red objects are on the right side of the shiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the color of the big object in front of the large thing that is on the left side of the rubber cylinder that is left of the tiny red metallic sphere? Answer: purple. Output: The color of the big object in front of the large thing that is on the left side of the rubber cylinder that is left of the tiny red metallic sphere is blue.
There is a small metallic object right of the tiny red cylinder; is it the same color as the cylinder that is right of the rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big thing behind the big thing in front of the tiny cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there any cyan things that have the same size as the cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes
How many other big metal things are the same shape as the purple object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a rubber object; is its color the same as the large shiny thing behind the large matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal block behind the big matte sphere; is it the same color as the large matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a metal block of the same color as the matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a metal block of the same color as the matte sphere.
What material is the object to the left of the green thing in front of the large rubber sphere made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The object to the left of the green thing in front of the large rubber sphere is made of metal.
Is there a big red object behind the green block on the left side of the big green metal block that is behind the large sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big red object behind the green block on the left side of the big green metal block that is behind the large sphere.
What number of other objects are the same color as the rubber ball? Answer: 2. Output: 1
What number of things are both on the left side of the big red shiny object and in front of the rubber ball? Answer: 1. Output: two
What shape is the large matte thing? Answer: sphere. Output: rectangular
What number of other things are there of the same material as the big ball Answer: 0. Output: ? 3
The metallic cube behind the sphere that is left of the big shiny object that is behind the ball is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
There is a small cylinder that is the same color as the large shiny cylinder; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a ball left of the big metallic ball; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How big is the object that is both in front of the large shiny cylinder and behind the big brown ball? Answer: small. Output: The object that is both in front of the large shiny cylinder and behind the big brown ball is small.
There is a metal object that is behind the brown metallic object; is it the same shape as the tiny red metal object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of gray things are big shiny things or spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three gray things that are big shiny things or spheres.
Are there more big brown balls than small metallic cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are more small metallic cylinders than big brown balls.
What color is the metallic object that is the same size as the matte cylinder? Answer: red. Output: The metallic object that is the same size as the matte cylinder is silver.
What number of balls are either tiny objects or large blue objects? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a brown metal thing; is it the same shape as the small thing that is to the right of the red sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cylinders are the same size as the gray metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a matte sphere that is in front of the small object that is behind the small matte ball to the right of the tiny red thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: The matte sphere that is in front of the small object that is behind the small matte ball to the right of the tiny red thing is about the size of a ping pong ball.
There is a tiny matte sphere right of the red matte cylinder; is it the same color as the object to the left of the cyan ball? Answer: no. Output: no
How many red things are either small metallic spheres or tiny rubber objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three red things in the image, two of which are small metallic spheres and one of which is a tiny rubber object.
How many things are the same size as the cyan metal sphere? Answer: 3. Output: 0
Are the small ball that is to the right of the tiny red matte thing and the red cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any small blue matte things in front of the ball in front of the small yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small blue matte thing in front of the ball in front of the small yellow object.
What is the material of the blue object that is the same shape as the tiny cyan shiny thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there more cyan objects that are in front of the tiny matte cylinder than metallic balls in front of the shiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more cyan objects in front of the tiny matte cylinder than metallic balls in front of the shiny sphere.
There is a blue object that is the same material as the tiny yellow object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the number of blue matte balls that are left of the red matte object greater than the number of small yellow matte things? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there more small metallic cylinders right of the large yellow metal thing than small red matte cylinders right of the small metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are yellow shiny cylinders right of the matte cylinder or big things? Answer: 2. Output: three
What shape is the small yellow object that is made of the same material as the tiny red thing? Answer: sphere. Output: circle
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the small yellow rubber object? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a tiny thing that is both in front of the matte sphere and behind the small red cylinder; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: red
What number of cylinders are big things or tiny red matte objects? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many gray blocks have the same size as the yellow matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many yellow things are in front of the small object behind the tiny yellow cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are two yellow things in front of the small object behind the tiny yellow cylinder.
There is a object that is behind the tiny rubber cylinder and left of the tiny yellow rubber ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there more blue rubber blocks than red cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
How many small metal objects are to the left of the yellow metallic cylinder and in front of the tiny shiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are two small metal objects to the left of the yellow metallic cylinder and in front of the tiny shiny cube.
There is a big object in front of the brown matte cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many cylinders have the same size as the block? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the large matte thing on the left side of the yellow rubber object and the metal cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: yes
The cylinder that is both right of the shiny cube and in front of the shiny cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal.
Is the number of red metallic objects greater than the number of big matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the rubber object in front of the object that is to the left of the metallic object that is on the left side of the small yellow thing? Answer: yellow. Output: The rubber object in front of the object that is to the left of the metallic object that is on the left side of the small yellow thing is red.
Is the yellow cylinder that is on the left side of the small yellow metallic cylinder made of the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the yellow cylinder on the left side of the small yellow metallic cylinder is made of the same material as the brown cylinder.
Are there any large things of the same color as the small shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large things of the same color as the small shiny cylinder.
Are any tiny brown rubber cylinders visible? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the color of the shiny ball that is behind the object on the right side of the large object behind the big green thing? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the shiny ball that is behind the object on the right side of the large object behind the big green thing is gold.
What size is the shiny thing that is to the left of the metal object that is behind the big green matte object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the shiny thing that is to the left of the metal object that is behind the big green matte object is small.
The thing that is both behind the big red matte sphere and to the left of the large cyan metallic thing is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the size of the red thing the same as the green rubber thing that is in front of the big cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a cyan metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large yellow thing that is the same shape as the cyan shiny object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How big is the shiny thing that is left of the big matte object that is in front of the big matte object that is on the right side of the rubber sphere? Answer: large. Output: The shiny thing that is left of the big matte object that is in front of the big matte object that is on the right side of the rubber sphere is quite small.
Are there any cyan shiny spheres on the right side of the block? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no cyan shiny spheres on the right side of the block.
There is a sphere that is the same material as the yellow thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of small brown matte things are the same shape as the large cyan object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the material of the gray cylinder that is the same size as the cube? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the gray cylinder that is the same size as the cube is metal.
What number of balls are either blue shiny things or big cyan matte things? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a big sphere that is left of the object that is in front of the large object behind the big cyan ball; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a small thing that is the same color as the tiny metallic cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many large blue objects are the same material as the tiny gray block? Answer: 1. Output: There is one large blue object that is the same material as the tiny gray block.
There is a ball that is behind the cyan matte object; is it the same size as the large cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small cylinder that is made of the same material as the big blue ball; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: silver
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal sphere; what number of spheres are to the right of it? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Is there a metal ball of the same color as the small thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a metal ball of the same color as the small thing.
What material is the big red ball? Answer: metal. Output: The big red ball is made of metal.
How many large cyan rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: There are no large cyan rubber cylinders.
Does the big metallic object that is to the left of the big green metallic thing have the same color as the cylinder in front of the large metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other things are the same size as the red metallic cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the color of the cylinder that is in front of the big purple cylinder? Answer: red. Output: The cylinder that is in front of the big purple cylinder is green.
How many metal things are in front of the purple cylinder and on the right side of the large green cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metal things in front of the purple cylinder and on the right side of the large green cube.
What is the color of the metallic cylinder left of the object to the right of the big metallic object on the right side of the green metal cube? Answer: purple. Output: red
How many other things are there of the same shape as the green object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are the tiny object that is behind the purple rubber sphere and the ball that is in front of the small purple rubber object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the tiny object behind the purple rubber sphere and the ball that is in front of the small purple rubber object are made of the same material.
There is a yellow object in front of the purple ball; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the number of yellow matte objects less than the number of yellow blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a yellow object to the right of the matte sphere that is behind the purple object; are there any yellow objects that are to the right of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many rubber things are small yellow objects or tiny purple balls? Answer: 3. Output: There are three rubber things that are small yellow objects or tiny purple balls.
What number of tiny yellow objects are behind the small purple ball? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of things are both on the left side of the purple ball and to the right of the shiny thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Does the yellow ball that is behind the purple rubber object have the same size as the rubber object in front of the tiny purple ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the matte sphere that is behind the purple object? Answer: yellow. Output: The matte sphere that is behind the purple object is silver.
There is a yellow object that is to the right of the small yellow rubber object behind the tiny purple object; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
What number of other things are the same shape as the large cyan metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
There is a object that is both behind the large thing and right of the tiny red matte thing; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: green
Are there any other things that have the same size as the cyan block? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a small metal object to the right of the small shiny cube; is its color the same as the large block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of spheres are tiny cyan things or tiny red things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What is the shape of the small metal thing that is in front of the small red rubber block? Answer: cylinder. Output: The small metal thing that is in front of the small red rubber block is a cube.
What is the color of the object left of the red rubber object behind the metallic object that is in front of the small metallic cylinder? Answer: green. Output: The color of the object left of the red rubber object behind the metallic object that is in front of the small metallic cylinder is green.
Is the tiny red thing made of the same material as the small green block? Answer: no. Output: no
How many blue objects are either big metallic things or tiny things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three blue objects in the image, two of which are big metallic things and one of which is a tiny object.
There is a tiny red cube; what number of small green cubes are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the yellow matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a rubber object that is on the left side of the small metallic object; is it the same size as the cylinder that is to the right of the big yellow rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
The small brown thing that is the same material as the large yellow thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No
The tiny object behind the cylinder left of the rubber cylinder right of the large object is what color? Answer: brown. Output: blue
Are there fewer rubber objects that are behind the blue matte thing than tiny objects to the right of the large matte object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the tiny blue rubber object the same shape as the big thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of yellow things are the same size as the brown ball? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the number of objects to the left of the tiny brown metal ball less than the number of small purple cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
How big is the brown object in front of the cylinder that is to the left of the brown rubber cube? Answer: small. Output: small
What size is the yellow block? Answer: small. Output: The yellow block is about the size of a small car.
Does the large rubber object have the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than
How many other things are the same color as the big cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a thing that is behind the blue shiny object; is it the same size as the rubber cube that is in front of the small yellow matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the blue shiny object is the same size as the rubber cube that is in front of the small yellow matte object.
There is a thing behind the blue shiny thing; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Are there fewer gray things that are behind the yellow rubber object than small yellow matte cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the gray block have the same material as the big object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is another gray object that is the same shape as the small metallic thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many things are matte blocks that are right of the purple rubber block or small cubes that are to the left of the large purple block? Answer: 2. Output: There are three matte blocks that are right of the purple rubber block or small cubes that are to the left of the large purple block.
Is the number of large yellow rubber cylinders less than the number of small gray things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the matte object that is behind the red matte object and in front of the purple sphere? Answer: blue. Output: The matte object that is behind the red matte object and in front of the purple sphere is green.
There is a matte object that is in front of the blue block; what number of rubber objects are right of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is the shape of the big green metal thing the same as the tiny blue matte object? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the large green thing and the rubber object behind the tiny blue matte thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing in front of the small thing that is right of the matte object left of the purple matte sphere; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: green
Is there anything else that has the same material as the large green object? Answer: no. Output: No, the large green object is the only object that has the same material.
There is a large object that is right of the large purple object; does it have the same shape as the blue matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the tiny red cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the tiny red cylinder is plastic.
There is a small object in front of the small object behind the matte object that is in front of the tiny blue matte thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many other things are there of the same shape as the big matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is there a red metallic object of the same size as the brown ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red metallic object of the same size as the brown ball.
Do the large purple thing and the blue ball behind the purple matte sphere have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large sphere that is to the right of the yellow metallic object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
The blue matte sphere has what size? Answer: large. Output: The blue matte sphere has a size of 10 cm.
Do the blue object that is on the right side of the purple matte thing and the sphere that is in front of the purple ball have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a brown metal sphere; does it have the same size as the matte thing on the right side of the large purple rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber thing that is on the right side of the big purple rubber object; is there a yellow sphere to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the thing left of the large blue rubber object in front of the big brown metallic sphere? Answer: purple. Output: The thing left of the large blue rubber object in front of the big brown metallic sphere is purple.
Is the size of the yellow shiny object the same as the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a brown thing that is the same shape as the blue object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What color is the other tiny thing that is the same shape as the red shiny thing? Answer: gray. Output: blue
Is the size of the cyan rubber thing the same as the red shiny block? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there an equal number of small cyan matte spheres behind the tiny rubber ball and gray shiny cubes on the left side of the large metal block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of small cyan matte spheres behind the tiny rubber ball and gray shiny cubes on the left side of the large metal block.
Are there any tiny blue matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes
The other thing that is the same shape as the small gray thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the size of the metal object that is on the left side of the yellow shiny sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the metal object that is on the left side of the yellow shiny sphere is small.
Are there more metallic objects that are behind the big red metal object than cyan rubber objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more metallic objects behind the big red metal object than cyan rubber objects.
The cyan rubber thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a cube that is in front of the gray metal block; does it have the same color as the small object left of the small block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the shape of the gray shiny thing the same as the small cyan object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a object that is right of the big red thing and to the left of the blue rubber object; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: purple
What is the cube behind the purple rubber thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: The cube behind the purple rubber thing is made of plastic.
What is the size of the blue shiny thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the blue shiny thing is not specified in the image.
What number of blue things are either matte blocks or rubber cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What size is the blue thing that is to the left of the big object that is right of the tiny blue metallic thing? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a cylinder; is it the same color as the thing that is to the left of the red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same material as the big blue cylinder Answer: 1. Output: ? three
The object that is made of the same material as the tiny block is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any other things that have the same color as the small object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two other objects that have the same color as the small object.
There is a metal object that is the same color as the large cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the color of the big shiny ball the same as the tiny metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the big shiny ball and the tiny metal cube are different.
What number of things are small red cylinders or purple metal things behind the big metallic ball? Answer: 3. Output: three
Does the metal sphere on the right side of the red cylinder have the same color as the metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
The tiny thing that is both in front of the block and behind the tiny red object is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What is the material of the small purple object on the right side of the small red object? Answer: metal. Output: The small purple object on the right side of the small red object is made of metal.
The matte cylinder has what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
How many purple objects are small rubber things or metallic balls? Answer: 2. Output: There is only one purple object, which is a metallic ball.
There is a metal object behind the purple shiny sphere that is on the left side of the tiny red rubber object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the big sphere and the small metal thing left of the rubber cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the small cylinder.
How many other objects are the same material as the sphere? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects that are the same material as the sphere.
There is a gray shiny thing that is to the left of the small red cylinder; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are the large green sphere and the small cylinder that is on the left side of the rubber object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the large green sphere and the small cylinder are made of different materials.
There is a tiny metal object that is right of the matte thing; is its shape the same as the red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there an equal number of red rubber objects and tiny gray metallic things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of red rubber objects and tiny gray metallic things.
Do the big metallic thing and the gray thing to the left of the red thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
The metal object that is both on the right side of the small red thing and in front of the large green metal thing is what color? Answer: gray. Output: The metal object that is both on the right side of the small red thing and in front of the large green metal thing is silver.
Is there a tiny brown metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there the same number of small matte objects behind the red thing and gray objects? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of small matte objects behind the red thing and gray objects.
How many other things are the same shape as the tiny red matte object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Do the thing to the right of the small matte sphere and the green thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of small matte things less than the number of small objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a matte thing behind the cyan metal thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there an equal number of big purple spheres that are to the left of the small metal thing and balls that are on the right side of the purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of big purple spheres that are to the left of the small metal thing and balls that are on the right side of the purple rubber thing.
What number of other objects are the same size as the cyan sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 0
The green rubber thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
Does the cyan object have the same material as the tiny green thing in front of the big cyan metal ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there another object that has the same shape as the big purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the other sphere that is the same size as the cyan metal ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The other sphere that is the same size as the cyan metal ball is also made of metal.
What size is the matte thing that is behind the cyan sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the matte thing that is behind the cyan sphere is not specified in the image.
Are there any big gray metal things that have the same shape as the small yellow rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no big gray metal things that have the same shape as the small yellow rubber object.
What shape is the brown rubber thing that is the same size as the yellow matte thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What shape is the large thing behind the gray shiny thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: The large thing behind the gray shiny thing is a cylinder.
Are there fewer brown rubber cylinders that are behind the small brown rubber cylinder than yellow matte objects that are in front of the yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a gray thing; does it have the same size as the metal cylinder that is on the right side of the big gray metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of yellow cylinders have the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The cylinder that is made of the same material as the blue thing is what color? Answer: gray. Output: blue. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the yellow thing is what color? yellow. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the red thing is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the green thing is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the black thing is what color? black. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the silver thing is what color? silver. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the gold thing is what color? gold. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the white thing is what color? white.
Is the number of large gray cylinders greater than the number of large green matte blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the yellow cylinder have the same material as the small brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the shape of the tiny yellow thing that is made of the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there any other things that are the same material as the tiny brown object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are other things that are the same material as the tiny brown object. In the image, there are several other objects that are made of the same material as the tiny brown object. These objects include a red cube, a silver cylinder, and a green cube.
The thing that is behind the small block and in front of the small brown rubber thing has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
Is there another thing that has the same shape as the red shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a shiny object that is the same size as the brown rubber thing; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
What material is the small brown cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The small brown cylinder is made of metal.
What size is the cylinder that is behind the small metallic thing that is behind the large metal object that is in front of the tiny cyan metallic object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cylinder that is behind the small metallic thing that is behind the large metal object that is in front of the tiny cyan metallic object is not specified.
What number of matte things are big gray cylinders or blue cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What size is the cyan cube? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan cube is not specified in the image.
What number of objects are either small shiny objects or blocks on the right side of the large red thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the large block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the shape of the big green thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How big is the sphere in front of the rubber ball that is right of the gray sphere? Answer: large. Output: very small
How many objects are gray matte objects or small cyan matte blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three gray matte objects or small cyan matte blocks.
Do the metallic thing and the big red thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any green blocks made of the same material as the big red ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a green block made of the same material as the big red ball.
Are there any big red spheres that are on the left side of the ball behind the tiny green block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the size of the thing behind the green matte thing the same as the green metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the size of the red rubber sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the red rubber sphere is approximately 2.5 inches in diameter.
Are there any matte balls that have the same color as the big rubber object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no matte balls that have the same color as the big rubber object.
How many big things are either green objects or spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big things that are either green objects or spheres.
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the purple rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the object behind the purple matte thing? Answer: small. Output: The object behind the purple matte thing is quite small.
Are there any small matte balls that have the same color as the matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small matte balls that have the same color as the matte object.
Is the number of blue metallic things behind the tiny blue block less than the number of small objects that are on the left side of the yellow cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cube that is on the left side of the small yellow metallic block and on the right side of the large purple matte cube; what material is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a purple thing; is it the same shape as the tiny metal object right of the yellow metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are the same size as the yellow metallic cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things that are the same size as the yellow metallic cube.
Are there more tiny yellow cubes than brown shiny things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more tiny yellow cubes than brown shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny yellow cubes than brown shiny things.
What number of blocks are both right of the blue metal thing and behind the small red object? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the blue matte thing behind the tiny shiny sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: The blue matte thing behind the tiny shiny sphere is a sphere.
There is a big thing; is its shape the same as the rubber object behind the cyan metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there an equal number of large balls on the left side of the brown rubber ball and large brown things in front of the tiny cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small rubber sphere that is in front of the small shiny thing; does it have the same color as the small rubber object behind the small metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of objects that are on the left side of the large brown ball greater than the number of small cyan metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the material of the cyan object? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan object is made of plastic.
There is a blue sphere that is left of the blue matte thing behind the metallic thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
The rubber thing behind the cyan sphere is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Is there a brown object of the same shape as the cyan metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of cyan objects in front of the metallic object less than the number of brown objects that are in front of the big brown rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is there anything else that has the same material as the large purple block? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of cylinders are either large cyan shiny things or tiny rubber objects? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What is the shape of the rubber thing that is both in front of the small blue object and behind the large red matte object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
The big thing behind the tiny matte object in front of the small object behind the small yellow rubber cylinder is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Are there fewer red things that are in front of the red cylinder than big purple metallic objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the object on the left side of the large rubber thing have the same shape as the big thing that is on the right side of the large purple object? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of objects are either things to the right of the red rubber cylinder or gray metal cubes? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is there a small cylinder behind the tiny object that is behind the big thing that is on the left side of the red rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of metallic cubes that are in front of the small blue object less than the number of big red matte cylinders that are to the left of the red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
The other tiny thing that is made of the same material as the small yellow object is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the tiny brown cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube. Yes, there is another cube that is the same material as the tiny brown cube.
There is a cube behind the large yellow matte cube; is its color the same as the cylinder that is in front of the big rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of big matte objects are in front of the small red cylinder and behind the big yellow matte object? Answer: 0. Output: four
What material is the red object? Answer: rubber. Output: The red object is made of plastic.
What is the shape of the purple matte thing that is the same size as the yellow object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Does the cube right of the big yellow rubber block have the same material as the large thing on the right side of the yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of yellow rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of red objects have the same shape as the purple rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Does the purple object have the same shape as the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The metal block is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
What number of objects are either big brown metallic cubes or things that are to the left of the large yellow thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the material of the small brown ball? Answer: metal. Output: The small brown ball is made of metal.
Is there any other thing of the same color as the tiny metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
Does the brown thing have the same shape as the yellow shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a ball that is to the right of the large metallic object on the left side of the big object that is in front of the big gray metal ball; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: The ball that is to the right of the large metallic object on the left side of the big object that is in front of the big gray metal ball is small.
What number of other things are the same material as the brown sphere? Answer: 2. Output: 3
The large sphere that is in front of the tiny ball is what color? Answer: gray. Output: gold.
The large gray thing that is on the right side of the large ball that is in front of the big gray ball right of the yellow metal object is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: The large gray thing that is on the right side of the large ball that is in front of the big gray ball right of the yellow metal object is made of metal.
Is there another tiny thing of the same shape as the brown object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The gray rubber object that is the same size as the yellow cylinder is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Does the big rubber thing have the same color as the small metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metallic thing that is in front of the tiny green object; does it have the same shape as the yellow matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are in front of the small cube and on the left side of the large gray metallic ball? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects in front of the small cube and on the left side of the large gray metallic ball.
What material is the green thing? Answer: metal. Output: The green thing is made of plastic
Is there anything else that has the same color as the block? Answer: no. Output: No
Does the green thing have the same material as the small brown cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a brown block that is behind the sphere on the right side of the large yellow matte object; what number of gray objects are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
What number of big spheres are there? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Are there fewer cubes in front of the tiny block than gray objects that are behind the big metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there fewer small brown shiny cubes to the right of the large shiny thing than blue objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the big gray object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that is made of the same material as the big gray object.
There is a small rubber object that is to the right of the big thing that is in front of the big thing behind the large metal ball; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
The purple thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any cyan balls that have the same material as the large red thing? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a purple thing that is the same shape as the big gray metal thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of large metal things in front of the matte sphere the same as the number of small purple matte things? Answer: no. Output: No
Does the tiny thing that is behind the matte ball have the same shape as the gray shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
The purple rubber object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a sphere that is in front of the tiny object that is on the left side of the tiny thing that is right of the small matte cube; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of objects are tiny green rubber balls or things? Answer: 4. Output: 1
Is the material of the large gray object the same as the big thing to the right of the large gray rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the large gray object is different from the big thing to the right of the large gray rubber object.
What number of objects are yellow shiny cylinders or tiny purple cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Is there a big object of the same shape as the tiny purple shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a gray ball; how many big rubber things are on the left side of it? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a sphere that is on the right side of the large matte sphere that is left of the big yellow matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What is the material of the yellow sphere that is the same size as the gray object? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the yellow sphere that is the same size as the gray object is plastic.
Is there a green thing that has the same size as the gray sphere? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What color is the thing that is in front of the gray thing? Answer: brown. Output: The thing that is in front of the gray thing is purple.
There is a rubber sphere on the right side of the large gray matte object; are there any big brown objects behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other objects are there of the same color as the large rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects of the same color as the large rubber cylinder.
Do the small ball that is right of the small red sphere and the small shiny thing behind the matte block have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many metal objects are in front of the cyan cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are two metal objects in front of the cyan cylinder.
What number of objects are the same color as the rubber block? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is the material of the cyan cylinder that is behind the brown block the same as the cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cyan objects are made of the same material as the cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there more tiny red metal objects in front of the matte block than cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more tiny red metal objects in front of the matte block than cylinders.
What is the size of the ball that is the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the ball that is the same color as the tiny cylinder is small.
Is there a small cyan metallic thing of the same shape as the large object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small cyan metallic thing of the same shape as the large object.
How many things are either balls or cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What number of red spheres are in front of the tiny cyan metallic thing that is to the right of the small cylinder that is behind the red object? Answer: 1. Output: two
There is a brown object that is the same material as the gray object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the tiny cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are other things that are made of the same material as the tiny cube. In the image, there are two other objects that are made of the same material as the tiny cube. They are both cylindrical in shape and have a similar color to the cube.
Does the tiny gray object have the same material as the cube? Answer: no. Output: No
The yellow object that is the same shape as the big brown metal thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the number of small green things greater than the number of blue matte blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big blue metal objects are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a large metal thing left of the large brown object that is behind the small object on the right side of the tiny gray metallic cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the number of big brown objects on the right side of the brown metallic cylinder less than the number of brown cylinders on the right side of the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a thing left of the tiny green matte thing; is it the same shape as the large yellow shiny object that is right of the green object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the big metallic thing that is behind the large cylinder to the right of the yellow metallic cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: rectangular
Is the yellow rubber thing the same size as the gray block? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the small cyan cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small cyan cylinder is made of plastic.
There is a tiny cylinder that is the same material as the yellow thing; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: gold
Is the material of the small cyan cylinder the same as the thing that is left of the small rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other tiny cylinders are made of the same material as the yellow cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: Two
What shape is the metal object that is in front of the big rubber thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the large object that is behind the gray block made of the same material as the big thing in front of the gray block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the large object behind the gray block is made of the same material as the big thing in front of the gray block.
Is there another yellow object of the same shape as the yellow matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are small things in front of the block or tiny shiny objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small things in front of the block or tiny shiny objects.
Is the number of gray matte cubes that are behind the big metal thing greater than the number of large yellow rubber cylinders that are on the left side of the gray block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of metallic things are in front of the large shiny object on the right side of the big thing that is left of the rubber sphere? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a big sphere that is in front of the big sphere that is behind the brown object; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Are there any other brown metal objects that have the same size as the brown metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other brown metal objects that have the same size as the brown metallic object.
What material is the ball that is in front of the ball that is left of the big object in front of the cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The ball that is in front of the ball that is left of the big object in front of the cylinder is made of plastic.
There is a sphere that is behind the large blue thing; how many big brown metallic things are to the left of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
There is a metallic thing behind the red shiny cube; is its size the same as the large matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other objects are the same shape as the large blue object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What shape is the blue object? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there an equal number of small blocks that are in front of the large brown shiny object and brown rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of small blocks that are in front of the large brown shiny object and brown rubber cylinders.
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the large blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the blue ball? Answer: small. Output: The blue ball is about 2 inches in diameter.
Are the small object left of the tiny yellow metal cylinder and the small yellow cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the small object left of the tiny yellow metal cylinder and the small yellow cylinder are made of the same material.
What number of gray matte cylinders are there? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many things are either blue shiny objects or small yellow cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are two small yellow cylinders and one blue shiny object.
There is a big matte object on the right side of the rubber cylinder that is to the left of the blue metallic ball; what number of tiny metallic things are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is there any other thing of the same color as the metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the color of the large thing in front of the small yellow cylinder the same as the big matte cylinder that is behind the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the color of the large thing in front of the small yellow cylinder is the same as the big matte cylinder that is behind the yellow object.
Are there more blue metal objects that are behind the tiny yellow shiny cylinder than blue metal objects that are behind the small blue object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more blue metal objects that are behind the tiny yellow shiny cylinder than blue metal objects that are behind the small blue object.
What shape is the large gray rubber thing behind the large gray cylinder in front of the tiny metal object in front of the tiny ball? Answer: cylinder. Output: The large gray rubber thing behind the large gray cylinder in front of the tiny metal object in front of the tiny ball is a sphere.
Are the gray cylinder that is left of the tiny shiny sphere and the gray cylinder behind the yellow cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the gray cylinder that is left of the tiny shiny sphere and the gray cylinder behind the yellow cylinder are made of the same material.
Is the number of green rubber balls in front of the large purple matte cylinder greater than the number of rubber things right of the blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the size of the purple matte cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the purple matte cylinder is not specified.
There is a green object that is the same material as the purple cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the shape of the purple thing that is in front of the purple metallic object the same as  the small blue matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many objects are either tiny purple objects or purple balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either tiny purple objects or purple balls.
What is the thing that is left of the metallic object and in front of the tiny blue cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: Aluminum
Does the purple metal thing have the same size as the green matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a purple shiny block right of the rubber cylinder that is behind the purple rubber cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of rubber cylinders are in front of the tiny purple shiny cube and behind the big green rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: three
Are there any blue matte cylinders left of the rubber cylinder that is behind the cube that is in front of the big sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny matte thing that is the same color as the big rubber cube; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a small thing on the right side of the red thing behind the big red cube; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
What color is the big shiny object that is the same shape as the tiny red matte object? Answer: brown. Output: gold
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the big brown object? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the other shiny object that is the same shape as the tiny red thing? Answer: large. Output: much larger
What material is the big thing behind the red sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The big thing behind the red sphere is gold.
Are there fewer green rubber things to the right of the brown sphere than small green rubber things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What shape is the tiny object on the right side of the small red object to the left of the cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What color is the big rubber thing? Answer: red. Output: The big rubber thing is red.
What number of other things are the same size as the metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What number of big blue cubes are in front of the large metal object left of the red thing that is left of the cyan ball? Answer: 0. Output: two
How many other red shiny things have the same shape as the large red object? Answer: 0. Output: 2
There is a thing that is on the right side of the metallic sphere; is its color the same as the ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the object behind the block that is behind the large blue cube to the left of the cyan thing? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
There is a sphere; does it have the same size as the block right of the ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube. Yes, there is a purple cube of the same size as the blue cube.
What number of other things are there of the same material as the cyan ball Answer: 3. Output: ? 3
There is a metal object that is both in front of the tiny shiny object and to the right of the big red metal thing; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: silver
Is the material of the thing that is right of the metal sphere the same as the red thing left of the small cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the size of the metal thing that is behind the purple metallic object the same as the purple object? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the yellow metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small cube in front of the small brown shiny block; how many tiny green things are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Do the object that is right of the green cube and the matte thing behind the tiny green block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
How many green matte blocks are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of yellow things have the same material as the cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there an equal number of small matte cubes that are right of the small green rubber thing and green objects? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the size of the green rubber cube the same as the block that is behind the tiny yellow metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
How many other things are there of the same size as the red rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the red rubber object.
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are the same shape as the small green matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Are there any other things that are the same size as the brown thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the small yellow metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other things that are the same shape as the small yellow metal thing.
Are there more yellow things that are behind the small metallic ball than spheres? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more yellow things behind the small metallic ball than spheres.
There is a metallic thing that is behind the tiny metal sphere; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: gold
Is the size of the blue object the same as the gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the size of the blue shiny object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the blue shiny object is not specified in the image.
Are there more tiny cyan rubber spheres than shiny objects? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more tiny cyan rubber spheres than shiny objects.
What color is the tiny metal cylinder to the left of the tiny cylinder that is right of the cylinder left of the blue cylinder? Answer: gray. Output: gold
There is a shiny object behind the ball; is its shape the same as the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the metallic ball that is the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: gold
What is the tiny purple block that is left of the tiny object right of the rubber object that is behind the tiny purple metal object made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a big object behind the large brown cylinder; is it the same shape as the tiny purple thing that is left of the big blue sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there another blue thing of the same size as the blue rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cyan things are either small rubber blocks or metallic things? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How many big things have the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the brown shiny object? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of cylinders are either brown metallic things or small purple things? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What is the color of the block that is left of the big blue matte ball? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What is the shape of the metal object that is the same size as the blue rubber sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many big objects are behind the cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big objects behind the cylinder.
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the big gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a ball that is right of the big gray sphere; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many other objects are the same shape as the big gray matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects that are the same shape as the big gray matte object.
Do the large metallic thing and the purple rubber thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any gray rubber spheres in front of the purple object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no gray rubber spheres in front of the purple object.
What number of objects are either big metal things or tiny blue matte balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects in the image, two of which are big metal things and one of which is a tiny blue matte ball.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the cyan shiny object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What number of big things are both in front of the small cylinder and behind the cyan matte block? Answer: 1. Output: two
Is the size of the cyan object on the right side of the large cyan sphere the same as the sphere in front of the gray rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the size of the cyan object on the right side of the large cyan sphere is the same as the sphere in front of the gray rubber sphere
What is the size of the sphere on the right side of the small purple rubber thing? Answer: large. Output: 1.5 inches
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the small purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another thing that is the same shape as the tiny yellow shiny object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many rubber things have the same color as the large cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two rubber things that have the same color as the large cylinder.
There is a small matte object behind the small matte sphere; is it the same shape as the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the thing on the left side of the rubber thing that is to the left of the cylinder right of the matte cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
The purple cube is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
There is a small cylinder that is made of the same material as the large cyan cylinder; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: purple
What number of tiny purple balls are made of the same material as the tiny purple cube? Answer: 0. Output: one
There is a cylinder in front of the shiny object that is behind the tiny yellow metal thing; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
What color is the shiny cylinder that is the same size as the purple object? Answer: yellow. Output: The shiny cylinder that is the same size as the purple object is green.
How many small metallic things are behind the purple thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small metallic things behind the purple thing.
Are the cyan object that is to the right of the cyan cylinder and the tiny cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are the same shape as the big metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a sphere that is on the left side of the cyan metallic thing on the right side of the cyan shiny cylinder; what number of tiny metal things are right of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a metal ball to the right of the small ball; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: silver
Do the tiny thing right of the large cyan shiny object and the cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the size of the other shiny object that is the same shape as the large metallic thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the other shiny object that is the same shape as the large metallic thing is smaller.
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the cyan sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more gray spheres right of the small shiny block than cubes in front of the small shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more gray spheres right of the small shiny block than cubes in front of the small shiny ball.
Does the purple block have the same size as the cyan metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large thing to the right of the small red shiny block; does it have the same shape as the large red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal thing that is the same color as the big shiny cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a shiny thing of the same size as the ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a shiny thing of the same size as the ball.
Is there a purple rubber thing in front of the tiny object behind the tiny metal thing to the right of the blue sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the small metallic cube and the big cylinder that is left of the small shiny block have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the large object left of the small shiny object that is on the right side of the object that is to the left of the big red object? Answer: metal. Output: The large object left of the small shiny object that is on the right side of the object that is to the left of the big red object is made of metal.
The large object that is in front of the rubber cylinder has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
There is a blue thing that is the same material as the tiny red object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of large green metallic things are the same shape as the large red thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a big cylinder left of the matte object; does it have the same color as the shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are in front of the large cube and behind the tiny gray block? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects in front of the large cube and behind the tiny gray block.
Do the gray thing and the purple rubber cylinder that is left of the tiny brown matte object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the purple object that is on the right side of the small thing in front of the matte cube that is left of the tiny gray matte object? Answer: large. Output: The purple object that is on the right side of the small thing in front of the matte cube that is left of the tiny gray matte object is quite large.
There is a purple thing that is on the right side of the gray matte block; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What shape is the large purple thing that is the same material as the cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the material of the cube on the left side of the gray rubber object the same as the brown object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the tiny brown cube? Answer: 3. Output: three
What number of objects are tiny matte cubes that are to the left of the brown rubber cube or cubes on the left side of the tiny brown cube? Answer: 2. Output: three
Does the tiny matte thing in front of the brown cube have the same shape as the big thing that is to the right of the purple block? Answer: no. Output: no
The rubber object that is the same size as the purple cylinder is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many objects are cylinders or big objects that are in front of the blue rubber object? Answer: 4. Output: There are three cylinders or big objects that are in front of the blue rubber object.
There is a cube that is the same material as the sphere; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: blue
How many big yellow blocks are made of the same material as the gray cube? Answer: 0. Output: There is one big yellow block made of the same material as the gray cube.
How many large purple spheres are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Do the big metal thing that is in front of the big brown shiny thing and the object in front of the big gray thing have the same color? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the big metal thing in front of the big brown shiny thing and the object in front of the big gray thing have the same color.
How many cylinders are behind the tiny metallic cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two cylinders behind the tiny metallic cylinder.
Is there a blue rubber thing that has the same shape as the gray metal thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are the large thing that is right of the small cyan metallic object and the cylinder that is behind the big cube made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes
How big is the cylinder that is in front of the big object left of the cylinder behind the cyan object? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a cylinder that is the same size as the metal sphere; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the yellow shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny ball that is made of the same material as the cyan object; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
Is there a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber object that has the same size as the yellow block. Yes, there is a blue rubber
The green metallic thing that is the same size as the metal cylinder is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any big yellow shiny objects that have the same shape as the small metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big yellow shiny objects that have the same shape as the small metal thing.
Are there any big cubes of the same color as the small metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big cubes of the same color as the small metal sphere.
How many other things are there of the same material as the cyan object? Answer: 3. Output: There are two other objects of the same material as the cyan object.
There is a tiny shiny ball; does it have the same color as the shiny object that is in front of the large cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there more green objects that are behind the large yellow block than red metal cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more green objects that are behind the large yellow block than red metal cylinders.
There is a green thing that is behind the large thing that is behind the large metal cylinder; how many big yellow metallic things are on the right side of it? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big yellow metallic things on the right side of the green object.
What number of blue spheres have the same material as the green thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a object that is both on the left side of the tiny red metal object and in front of the small blue rubber sphere; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The object that is both on the left side of the tiny red metal object and in front of the small blue rubber sphere is made of plastic.
There is a purple object that is in front of the large green rubber ball; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the shape of the small object that is behind the small sphere in front of the small red metal object? Answer: sphere. Output: The small object that is behind the small sphere in front of the small red metal object is a sphere.
Is there a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there
The other object that is the same size as the purple matte object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any small blue things in front of the purple matte thing that is on the right side of the small ball that is on the left side of the small red thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small blue things in front of the purple matte thing that is on the right side of the small ball that is on the left side of the small red thing.
Is there a green matte object that has the same size as the purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing right of the red shiny sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a tiny ball behind the thing that is on the left side of the large matte sphere that is on the left side of the red shiny sphere; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: green
How many other objects are the same color as the big block? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the material of the small sphere that is the same color as the large metallic cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The small sphere that is the same color as the large metallic cube is made of metal.
How many things are in front of the blue rubber object and to the left of the brown matte sphere? Answer: 1. Output: three
What color is the metal thing in front of the blue thing on the left side of the large object that is right of the shiny ball? Answer: gray. Output: The metal thing in front of the blue thing on the left side of the large object that is right of the shiny ball is silver.
What number of rubber balls are behind the rubber object to the right of the brown rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many other things are there of the same shape as the big rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
How many objects are large blue objects or blue objects that are on the left side of the large rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large blue objects or blue objects on the left side of the large rubber thing.
Are there more gray shiny spheres in front of the big metallic block than tiny gray balls that are in front of the brown matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more gray shiny spheres in front of the big metallic block than tiny gray balls that are in front of the brown matte object.
The blue object on the right side of the blue object to the left of the metal thing in front of the tiny blue matte thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the shape of the big thing that is behind the metal object that is in front of the big metal cube? Answer: cube. Output: The big thing that is behind the metal object that is in front of the big metal cube is an egg.
What is the material of the small block in front of the green thing that is in front of the large cube? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the small block in front of the green thing that is in front of the large cube is plastic.
There is a cylinder that is to the left of the small blue cube; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many green objects are the same shape as the tiny blue thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Do the small matte object and the large block have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small matte object and the large block have different colors.
What material is the block to the left of the shiny thing that is to the right of the metallic object that is behind the tiny rubber thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any cubes on the left side of the tiny green matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a green rubber thing that is the same size as the cyan thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the tiny cylinder made of the same material as the large cube? Answer: no. Output: No, the tiny cylinder is made of a different material than the large cube.
How many matte things are cyan objects or red objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are no matte things in the image.
The tiny thing that is the same color as the big matte thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What material is the brown thing that is the same shape as the tiny green rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What is the color of the small ball that is in front of the green matte thing and on the right side of the small blue shiny thing? Answer: brown. Output: The small ball that is in front of the green matte thing and on the right side of the small blue shiny thing is red.
Do the tiny sphere that is in front of the brown shiny ball and the red cylinder in front of the green thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a brown ball behind the cylinder; does it have the same size as the tiny green rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the small blue thing? Answer: sphere. Output: circle
How many objects are either small things that are behind the red cylinder or small green rubber spheres? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small objects that are either behind the red cylinder or small green rubber spheres.
Are there more small rubber things that are left of the green object than tiny rubber cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red thing; is its shape the same as the metal thing that is right of the red rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many small things are either matte objects or brown objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small things that are either matte objects or brown objects.
What is the color of the rubber thing that is in front of the metallic ball that is left of the cylinder? Answer: red. Output: red
There is a yellow cylinder that is made of the same material as the yellow ball; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any shiny objects that have the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are three shiny objects that have the same color as the small cylinder.
There is a cylinder that is to the right of the green rubber cylinder; is its color the same as the metal sphere that is left of the small cyan shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small metal sphere that is behind the rubber cylinder; does it have the same color as the small shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a shiny sphere left of the tiny ball that is on the right side of the small shiny ball behind the matte thing; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: green
Is the tiny yellow cylinder made of the same material as the small cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny yellow cylinder is made of a different material than the small cyan object.
What number of cyan things are either small things or tiny cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many yellow things are to the right of the tiny metal cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Is the number of cyan spheres greater than the number of small red metal cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny object that is behind the tiny yellow thing in front of the yellow metallic cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: egg
How many other objects are the same color as the ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the number of small blue rubber cylinders greater than the number of tiny metallic things? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the cyan cube made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the size of the shiny thing that is right of the red thing the same as the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal block in front of the cyan metal cube; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the small ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another object that is made of the same material as the small ball.
How many small yellow rubber cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small yellow rubber cubes.
Does the small cylinder have the same color as the small shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: no
The small thing that is behind the yellow ball and left of the matte cylinder is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a yellow shiny object; are there any small metallic spheres in front of it? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small metallic sphere in front of the yellow shiny object.
What shape is the tiny rubber object that is the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: circle
How many other objects are the same color as the large object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects that are the same color as the large object.
Are there an equal number of small objects behind the tiny cyan metallic thing and cyan objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of small objects behind the tiny cyan metallic thing and cyan objects.
Do the cyan sphere and the yellow rubber object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No
The object that is both to the left of the small brown matte thing and in front of the big yellow matte object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of other cyan things are the same shape as the large object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the ball behind the cyan rubber thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The ball behind the cyan rubber thing is made of plastic.
Are there fewer yellow matte cylinders that are to the left of the yellow rubber thing than tiny balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the big rubber thing have the same shape as the small shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the large thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the color of the big shiny block the same as the large matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the big shiny block is different from the large matte object.
What is the size of the cube that is the same color as the big matte ball? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cube that is the same color as the big matte ball is quite small.
What material is the big thing that is the same color as the matte ball? Answer: metal. Output: The big thing that is the same color as the matte ball is made of metal.
Is the number of tiny blue spheres less than the number of tiny brown things? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the small thing that is behind the tiny shiny ball have the same color as the big ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cube that is made of the same material as the tiny cyan object; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: green
Is the size of the cyan cube the same as the green shiny object? Answer: no. Output: No, the size of the cyan cube is smaller than the green shiny object.
What material is the cyan object? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan object is made of plastic.
What material is the cyan block that is the same size as the blue metallic thing? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan block that is the same size as the blue metallic thing is made of plastic.
Are there any yellow metal objects that have the same size as the green ball? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no yellow metal objects that have the same size as the green ball.
The object that is both behind the small yellow ball and on the right side of the tiny shiny ball has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
There is a small thing that is the same material as the large ball; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a large object that is on the left side of the big metal sphere; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a metal object to the left of the tiny rubber sphere; does it have the same size as the matte object in front of the gray shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the tiny metal thing? Answer: gray. Output: The tiny metal thing is silver.
Do the large object left of the purple object and the yellow object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the large cyan thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The large cyan thing is made of metal.
There is a shiny object that is the same size as the matte sphere; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any shiny objects that have the same color as the small rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three shiny objects that have the same color as the small rubber ball.
Does the big metallic sphere have the same color as the matte object that is in front of the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that is the same size as the purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the material of the object that is in front of the ball that is to the right of the tiny purple matte sphere? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
Is the number of metallic cylinders behind the large metal thing greater than the number of small purple matte spheres that are in front of the rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
What size is the cyan sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan sphere is not specified in the image.
There is a ball to the right of the green thing; does it have the same color as the small block? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the large shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are several other objects that have the same shape as the large shiny thing. There are several other objects that have the same shape as the large shiny thing, including a cube and an egg.
Is there a tiny metal sphere behind the sphere that is to the left of the green metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there fewer balls that are right of the green shiny thing than tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan sphere? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How big is the sphere to the right of the tiny rubber object left of the tiny matte thing that is behind the purple matte thing? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a matte thing on the left side of the brown block; is its size the same as the small rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a yellow shiny cylinder that is in front of the block; does it have the same size as the metallic cylinder to the left of the large blue matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the tiny thing that is to the right of the matte cylinder and on the left side of the green thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Are there any small spheres made of the same material as the small green block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small spheres made of the same material as the small green block.
Do the tiny yellow cylinder that is in front of the metal block and the big blue cylinder on the left side of the green block have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of cylinders greater than the number of small metal blocks? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a shiny cylinder behind the small cylinder that is right of the tiny thing that is on the left side of the blue rubber cylinder; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: green
There is a shiny cylinder in front of the small metal cube; is it the same color as the metal cylinder that is to the left of the big blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a yellow metallic object that is left of the large blue matte cylinder; how many metallic cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metallic cylinders in front of the large blue matte cylinder.
Are there any shiny cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Is the number of big matte cubes less than the number of blocks? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the small thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of blue rubber cylinders greater than the number of yellow blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any yellow rubber objects that have the same size as the red thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a yellow rubber object that has the same size as the red thing.
How many things are large matte objects that are to the left of the blue matte cylinder or rubber objects that are behind the blue matte cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large matte objects that are to the left of the blue matte cylinder and two rubber objects that are behind the blue matte cylinder.
The cylinder that is right of the matte cylinder that is left of the large blue matte cylinder is what color? Answer: blue. Output: silver
The cylinder that is made of the same material as the blue object is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: red
What number of tiny objects are the same color as the small shiny sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of things are either blue rubber objects or small metallic objects? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What shape is the red thing that is the same size as the blue rubber thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many objects are both to the left of the big red matte object and on the right side of the big red rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
Are there any other things that are the same material as the cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other things that are the same material as the cylinder.
Are the red sphere that is in front of the large red matte sphere and the block made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the red sphere that is in front of the large red matte sphere and the block made of the same material.
Are there any green metallic things of the same shape as the large gray matte thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no green metallic things of the same shape as the large gray matte thing.
Are there the same number of big red balls that are in front of the small red matte object and red metallic blocks? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of big red balls in front of the small red matte object and the red metallic blocks.
What material is the red object that is on the left side of the large red thing that is on the left side of the large cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The red object that is on the left side of the large red thing is made of metal.
There is a gray matte thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there the same number of small matte balls in front of the shiny cylinder and large rubber balls in front of the small red matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of small matte balls in front of the shiny cylinder and large rubber balls in front of the small red matte thing.
There is a big thing that is behind the small red thing; is its color the same as the rubber object that is in front of the tiny red sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of red cylinders in front of the red metal object greater than the number of blue shiny blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the shape of the tiny red thing that is made of the same material as the large gray block? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the number of tiny brown shiny things less than the number of matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many shiny objects are big green cubes or big cyan objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big green cubes and one big cyan object.
There is a cylinder that is behind the tiny shiny object; are there any small cylinders behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the small brown cylinder left of the green block made of the same material as the large object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other things are there of the same color as the tiny metal cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Does the shiny cylinder have the same color as the block? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the size of the green thing that is behind the brown thing that is behind the small brown metal thing? Answer: large. Output: The size of the green thing that is behind the brown thing that is behind the small brown metal thing is unknown.
Is the material of the green thing in front of the brown matte object the same as the small brown cylinder that is right of the small brown rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the small cylinder that is on the left side of the small green thing and the metal thing have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a green cube; how many green things are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue object that is the same material as the yellow object.
How big is the cylinder behind the big yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The cylinder behind the big yellow shiny cylinder is small.
What color is the cylinder that is behind the cylinder that is to the left of the large cylinder behind the small blue matte thing? Answer: gray. Output: gold
What color is the large metal thing in front of the large cylinder on the right side of the big yellow cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: The large metal thing in front of the large cylinder on the right side of the big yellow cylinder is blue.
Are there more cylinders that are behind the big yellow shiny thing than blue blocks that are behind the large gray rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more cylinders that are behind the big yellow shiny thing than blue blocks that are behind the large gray rubber block.
Is the material of the cylinder that is on the left side of the big matte cylinder the same as the cube that is in front of the large gray matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the material of the cylinder that is on the left side of the big matte cylinder is the same as the cube that is in front of the large gray matte cylinder.
There is a big yellow shiny cylinder; are there any big gray things left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of blue things are either large cubes or tiny blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the tiny blue cube and the object in front of the tiny matte object have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a gray thing that is the same shape as the big yellow thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a object in front of the big brown metal thing; is it the same size as the thing that is behind the small purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are metallic balls or large metal objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metallic balls or large metal objects in the image.
Are there any brown objects of the same shape as the tiny yellow shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no brown objects of the same shape as the tiny yellow shiny object.
Is the number of tiny blue metallic things less than the number of big gray metallic things? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the tiny yellow object have the same shape as the small purple thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many things are small blue balls or metal objects right of the blue object? Answer: 3. Output: There are two small blue balls or metal objects right of the blue object.
What number of objects are there? Answer: 4. Output: 4
Is there a brown object that has the same size as the blue object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a brown object that has the same size as the blue object.
Are there fewer large brown objects that are to the left of the brown object than small blocks? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the brown object and the blue object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any tiny brown things that are on the right side of the rubber thing that is on the right side of the small brown cube? Answer: no. Output: 30000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a small rubber object on the right side of the tiny brown matte thing; is it the same color as the thing behind the small brown matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of metallic blocks are the same size as the cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a rubber object that is to the right of the brown object; is it the same size as the large object? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the small cyan object? Answer: cube. Output: square
Do the small block behind the tiny brown matte cube and the large purple thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any metal cubes of the same color as the metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no metal cubes of the same color as the metal thing.
Do the small object that is behind the brown block and the purple rubber object that is to the left of the small brown block have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a large purple thing that has the same material as the large cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large purple thing that has the same material as the large cube.
How many green objects are either large matte blocks or small objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two green objects in the image, one of which is a large matte block and the other is a small object.
Is the number of small brown objects greater than the number of large matte balls? Answer: yes. Output: no
How big is the matte object that is in front of the big green cylinder and left of the yellow thing? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the shape of the brown matte thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many small yellow matte objects have the same shape as the tiny brown matte object? Answer: 0. Output: one
Are there fewer tiny brown cylinders that are behind the gray matte object than big rubber cylinders right of the big green object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a rubber cylinder that is to the right of the gray rubber thing; how many yellow things are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: one
Are any big blue cylinders visible? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any cubes that have the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Are there more gray rubber things that are behind the yellow thing than big green cylinders to the right of the gray rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the yellow cube and the green cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of tiny cylinders in front of the blue rubber cylinder greater than the number of tiny yellow objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other objects are the same size as the sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Is the color of the tiny metal sphere the same as the tiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the tiny metal sphere is different from the tiny cylinder.
There is a matte cylinder that is on the right side of the blue thing behind the matte cylinder that is to the left of the tiny sphere; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What number of large blue rubber cylinders are behind the tiny thing behind the matte thing that is right of the rubber cube? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the cylinder on the left side of the blue cube have the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny metal sphere left of the blue cube; what number of large objects are right of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a large blue rubber thing on the right side of the tiny ball that is behind the small matte object; is there a cylinder that is to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a blue object that is the same shape as the purple matte thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the red thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there fewer cylinders to the right of the rubber ball than small metal cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the shape of the object that is to the left of the metallic sphere that is on the left side of the shiny ball that is on the right side of the purple metal object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The object that is to the left of the metallic sphere that is on the left side of the shiny ball that is on the right side of the purple metal object is an egg.
There is a ball that is to the right of the matte thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
The metallic thing that is the same size as the cyan cylinder is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many objects are either rubber things or small spheres to the left of the yellow metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either rubber things or small spheres to the left of the yellow metal thing.
How many red spheres are in front of the small object that is behind the tiny ball that is in front of the tiny matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are two red spheres in front of the small object that is behind the tiny ball that is in front of the tiny matte thing.
There is a small object that is made of the same material as the purple ball; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: silver
There is a ball left of the matte object; is its size the same as the cyan metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are big objects or cyan things? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Is there another thing of the same shape as the small object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cylinder in front of the rubber thing that is behind the large cylinder that is in front of the tiny blue rubber thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there the same number of yellow metal cylinders on the right side of the large matte object and yellow objects that are in front of the tiny rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of yellow metal cylinders on the right side of the large matte object and yellow objects that are in front of the tiny rubber object.
The yellow thing that is made of the same material as the large brown object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
The large matte object is what color? Answer: purple. Output: The large matte object is gold.
How many big matte things are the same color as the tiny matte cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: one
There is a yellow thing that is the same size as the brown thing; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a big cylinder behind the big purple rubber object; are there any big yellow shiny things that are in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the tiny thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How big is the brown thing? Answer: large. Output: 2 feet
How many small objects are the same shape as the big gray object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a object that is both in front of the large shiny thing and to the left of the tiny purple cube; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Do the gray object and the tiny ball have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many small gray shiny cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small gray shiny cylinders.
There is a shiny object that is on the left side of the tiny object in front of the ball in front of the brown sphere; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: silver
How many things are both in front of the gray ball and right of the big matte cube? Answer: 1. Output: 2
How many metallic objects are purple things or big things? Answer: 1. Output: There is one metallic object that is purple.
There is a small object that is left of the metal ball to the right of the small purple cube; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What shape is the gray object that is the same size as the blue block? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Are there fewer brown spheres than shiny things? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the red object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the green object is made of the same material as the red object.
What is the size of the other matte object that is the same shape as the large purple object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the other matte object that is the same shape as the large purple object is smaller than the large purple object.
Are there any small balls to the left of the purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small ball to the left of the purple rubber object.
Are there the same number of large green things that are left of the big block and red shiny things? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a red shiny thing in front of the sphere in front of the rubber sphere that is behind the large red block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red shiny thing in front of the sphere in front of the rubber sphere that is behind the large red block.
What is the red object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The red object is made of metal.
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the small green thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the shape of the tiny green rubber object the same as the large red object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are matte balls that are in front of the large metallic thing or green matte things that are right of the small green object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three matte balls that are in front of the large metallic thing or green matte things that are right of the small green object.
How many objects are either green metallic cylinders or big red metal blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either green metallic cylinders or big red metal blocks.
There is a cyan sphere; is it the same size as the metallic cylinder in front of the large cyan sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small thing that is to the right of the large blue thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the cyan rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are any tiny blocks visible? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal object left of the blue cylinder; is it the same size as the metal object in front of the small gray metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the thing that is left of the large blue cylinder and in front of the small gray object? Answer: rubber. Output: The thing that is left of the large blue cylinder and in front of the small gray object is metal.
There is a big ball; how many metal things are behind it? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a cube that is made of the same material as the big cylinder; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Does the blue thing have the same shape as the gray shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many objects are on the right side of the purple block and behind the cyan ball? Answer: 1. Output: 2
There is another large object that is the same shape as the large green matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the shape of the large metallic thing left of the metal cylinder the same as  the big red rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the large brown metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are in front of the green matte object and to the right of the red rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the material of the large sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The large sphere is made of metal.
Is the number of big blue metallic cubes behind the big green matte object the same as the number of brown objects? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of other green things have the same shape as the big green matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Do the green matte thing and the red matte thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are either cylinders in front of the large metallic cube or big matte things? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is a large shiny object behind the large thing in front of the metal thing that is left of the large brown metal cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What color is the cube that is the same size as the matte object? Answer: red. Output: The cube that is the same size as the matte object is red.
Is the number of small balls that are to the left of the small red metal cylinder greater than the number of cyan matte objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the material of the thing that is both in front of the large matte thing and behind the shiny cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the thing that is both in front of the large matte thing and behind the shiny cylinder is plastic.
There is a small shiny thing in front of the small red sphere; is it the same color as the tiny metal thing on the right side of the large blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the metal ball? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is there a red metallic cylinder behind the small shiny thing that is left of the big thing that is right of the large metal object? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the small object that is on the left side of the big blue matte object made of the same material as the cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a tiny thing that is the same shape as the large blue matte object; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: red
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the large red metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No, the large red metallic object is unique in its shape.
Is the number of large matte objects to the left of the small metal cylinder the same as the number of brown cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same size as the sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
The other green object that is the same size as the green matte thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a cylinder that is right of the brown sphere; is it the same size as the metal block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the green block that is the same size as the brown cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
There is a big rubber cylinder on the right side of the big green thing behind the big brown rubber thing; is there a green cylinder behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the small brown object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large rubber object that is to the left of the big green metallic thing; is its color the same as the rubber thing that is right of the sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any tiny things? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the cylinder that is the same color as the small object? Answer: rubber. Output: The cylinder that is the same color as the small object is made of plastic.
What is the size of the metallic object behind the object to the right of the object that is behind the brown cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the metallic object behind the object to the right of the object that is behind the brown cylinder is small.
The cyan thing in front of the rubber thing behind the large thing that is to the right of the yellow cylinder is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many gray things are made of the same material as the ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are two gray things made of the same material as the ball.
How many shiny cubes are right of the large object that is on the right side of the small yellow cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of balls are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the gray ball made of the same material as the big cyan thing that is to the left of the large shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the thing right of the tiny yellow shiny thing have the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What material is the large object that is to the left of the tiny yellow object and right of the big matte cube? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum? No, it is not aluminum. The large object that is to the left of the tiny yellow object and right of the big matte cube is made of plastic.
What is the size of the yellow cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the yellow cylinder is not specified in the image.
There is a metal block; is its color the same as the big matte thing on the left side of the yellow cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other things are the same color as the tiny shiny cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is there anything else that has the same size as the rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What size is the cylinder on the right side of the tiny thing behind the big brown object? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
What color is the tiny object in front of the shiny cylinder? Answer: purple. Output: The tiny object in front of the shiny cylinder is purple.
There is a purple ball that is the same material as the red cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other brown things have the same shape as the metal object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a red cylinder that is the same size as the gray metallic cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are there any small gray cylinders that have the same material as the large cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small gray cylinders that have the same material as the large cube.
What color is the object that is both on the left side of the big brown matte object and in front of the large brown thing? Answer: purple. Output: The object that is both on the left side of the big brown matte object and in front of the large brown thing is purple.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the small ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a red thing that is the same size as the yellow rubber object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
How many other blue things have the same material as the blue object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Does the matte cylinder left of the big blue cylinder have the same size as the ball behind the big cyan rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big object in front of the yellow matte thing; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a thing that is in front of the big yellow matte object left of the big ball in front of the yellow object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many big blue matte cylinders are in front of the cyan matte ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What material is the big ball in front of the big object on the left side of the cyan matte thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of things are either large rubber things behind the cyan object or rubber balls to the right of the large yellow matte object? Answer: 4. Output: three
Is the number of big yellow rubber spheres that are in front of the large blue cylinder greater than the number of green metallic cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the big red matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same shape as the big red matte object.
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the blue object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the green object is made of the same material as the blue object.
What number of things are big metal things that are on the left side of the red metallic ball or blue rubber objects? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the color of the big rubber thing that is the same shape as the large red metallic object? Answer: blue. Output: The big rubber thing that is the same shape as the large red metallic object is green.
Are there any other things that are the same color as the big matte object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other things that are the same color as the big matte object.
What number of other things are the same material as the blue ball? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is the number of big blue objects greater than the number of large green things? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the rubber object? Answer: blue. Output: There is no rubber object in the picture.
Are there any blue spheres that are in front of the metal sphere behind the matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a blue sphere in front of the metal sphere behind the matte ball.
The green thing in front of the green thing left of the large red thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there fewer large green shiny things than balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
