Do the purple cylinder and the yellow rubber thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the large object that is made of the same material as the purple ball? Answer: sphere. Output: The large object that is made of the same material as the purple ball is a cube.
What number of other things are the same shape as the purple matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a big yellow thing that is right of the yellow thing that is in front of the matte cylinder that is right of the yellow matte thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What number of cylinders are small purple things or yellow rubber things? Answer: 2. Output: 1
There is a metal cube that is behind the tiny yellow thing; is there a yellow rubber object on the left side of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny purple rubber thing; does it have the same shape as the brown object that is on the left side of the rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the gray sphere? Answer: 5. Output: 5
What number of gray things are either large rubber cylinders or small spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 5
What number of tiny things are both on the left side of the gray shiny sphere and to the right of the brown rubber cube? Answer: 1. Output: two
What material is the sphere that is the same color as the small metal block? Answer: metal. Output: The sphere that is the same color as the small metal block is made of plastic.
There is a rubber thing that is the same shape as the tiny cyan shiny thing; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: purple
There is a big metallic object that is on the right side of the big blue rubber block; does it have the same color as the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What shape is the tiny metallic object that is the same color as the big rubber cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: square
How many small purple balls are made of the same material as the big gray cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are two small purple balls made of the same material as the big gray cube.
What number of blue balls are behind the small cyan metal block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What size is the purple rubber sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the purple rubber sphere is not specified in the image.
What is the color of the rubber cylinder that is the same size as the gray metallic object? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the rubber cylinder that is the same size as the gray metallic object is blue.
Are there any large objects that have the same color as the large shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large objects that have the same color as the large shiny sphere.
What material is the cyan cube? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan cube is made of plastic.
Are the big brown ball that is on the right side of the big metal cylinder and the sphere on the left side of the small metallic ball made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the big brown ball on the right side of the big metal cylinder and the sphere on the left side of the small metallic ball are made of different materials.
There is a tiny ball that is the same color as the small metal cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What is the shape of the big thing that is both right of the yellow shiny cylinder and in front of the big brown cube? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the material of the brown thing that is on the right side of the tiny matte thing that is behind the blue matte sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is the number of big rubber cubes greater than the number of rubber blocks? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the color of the tiny cube the same as the big cube? Answer: no. Output: No
What material is the brown cube that is the same size as the gray cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The brown cube is made of metal, while the gray cylinder is made of plastic.
Does the tiny yellow cylinder have the same material as the green cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are made of the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: 1
What number of things are large objects on the left side of the red matte thing or objects that are left of the small red rubber ball? Answer: 4. Output: three
What size is the metallic thing that is left of the tiny blue thing? Answer: large. Output: The metallic thing that is left of the tiny blue thing is about the size of a baseball.
How many big purple metal things have the same shape as the blue thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a cube that is to the left of the tiny cylinder and in front of the tiny gray cylinder; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the small blue thing made of the same material as the small red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of tiny gray matte balls are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a tiny shiny object that is behind the big ball that is to the right of the big metallic thing behind the big brown cube; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: purple
Is the color of the small shiny sphere the same as the large metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the small shiny sphere is different from the large metallic ball.
What number of cubes are both behind the purple rubber sphere and to the right of the gray cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of metallic objects are either yellow balls or brown cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 2
There is a tiny cube that is in front of the tiny rubber thing to the left of the tiny cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a sphere that is the same color as the small shiny block; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of small shiny objects have the same color as the block? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How big is the red matte object that is behind the big yellow rubber object? Answer: small. Output: The red matte object is about the same size as the big yellow rubber object.
What shape is the object that is the same color as the tiny cube? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many other objects are the same shape as the purple metallic thing? Answer: 7. Output: 1
What number of metal objects are either small gray objects or yellow balls? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metal objects that are small gray objects or yellow balls.
There is a small blue object that is left of the small shiny ball behind the large yellow rubber object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of small metal spheres that are right of the gray metal cube greater than the number of large metallic things? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there another gray cube that has the same material as the cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another gray cube that has the same material as the cube. Yes, there is another gray cube that has the same material as the cube.
Does the small gray metal thing in front of the green matte thing have the same shape as the purple metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the shape of the shiny thing that is right of the big gray sphere the same as  the large cyan matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the large gray rubber thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What material is the tiny gray object on the left side of the tiny green ball in front of the small gray thing that is left of the small green sphere? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a cylinder that is the same color as the big matte sphere; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of objects are big purple matte cubes or large metal things? Answer: 4. Output: There are three big purple matte cubes or large metal things.
Does the big object behind the cyan matte cylinder have the same material as the big gray object? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of things are either big balls that are behind the small green sphere or small matte spheres? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is another small thing that is made of the same material as the yellow object; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: purple
Is there a cyan matte cylinder that has the same size as the gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the big matte object on the right side of the yellow object have the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same size as the purple block? Answer: 3. Output: 0
What size is the shiny ball that is to the left of the cyan metal thing? Answer: large. Output: The size of the shiny ball that is to the left of the cyan metal thing is small.
There is a large gray thing that is in front of the cylinder that is in front of the rubber thing that is on the right side of the tiny cyan metallic ball; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: The large gray thing that is in front of the cylinder is made of metal.
Is the large gray matte thing the same shape as the big red metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the large gray matte thing is not the same shape as the big red metallic object. The large gray matte thing is a cube, while the big red metallic object is a sphere.
What number of matte things are large blue blocks or big purple cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of large gray metallic things are there? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large gray metallic things.
What color is the metal sphere that is the same size as the purple shiny cube? Answer: red. Output: The metal sphere that is the same size as the purple shiny cube is silver.
Do the cyan cylinder and the purple metal block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny metal thing that is the same color as the matte ball; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Do the brown matte thing and the matte thing that is to the right of the tiny yellow metal cube have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the big red ball and the large blue object have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a matte block that is to the left of the large red metallic sphere that is behind the small yellow rubber sphere; what number of red metal things are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is there a small object made of the same material as the large blue block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small object made of the same material as the large blue block.
What size is the sphere that is the same color as the tiny metallic thing? Answer: large. Output: The size of the sphere that is the same color as the tiny metallic thing is small.
Is the number of large cyan shiny balls less than the number of metal balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the color of the large rubber object on the left side of the yellow rubber ball the same as the metal ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the small ball that is in front of the big metal cylinder behind the block that is to the left of the small yellow rubber sphere made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small ball that is in front of the big metal cylinder behind the block that is to the left of the small yellow rubber sphere is made of plastic.
Is there another matte cylinder of the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer things in front of the green shiny cylinder than small purple rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
Do the yellow matte object in front of the red cylinder and the big purple metallic cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small metallic thing that is the same color as the large rubber cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How many other things are the same size as the matte ball? Answer: 4. Output: 0
The big metallic cube has what color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple.
Is the color of the tiny rubber cylinder behind the blue thing the same as the big metal cylinder to the right of the purple metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the cyan thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is a yellow shiny object that is left of the big yellow metal object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a large metal thing that is in front of the blue thing and right of the large ball; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
How many other objects are the same shape as the small purple metallic object? Answer: 5. Output: There are three other objects that are the same shape as the small purple metallic object.
What is the color of the metal cube that is the same size as the blue metal cylinder? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the metal cube that is the same size as the blue metal cylinder is silver.
How many things are either purple metallic blocks or small purple cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three purple metallic blocks and one small purple cylinder.
There is another cylinder that is the same color as the small matte cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of objects are either blue matte spheres or cylinders on the right side of the brown rubber sphere? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there any yellow objects made of the same material as the yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no yellow objects made of the same material as the yellow cylinder.
What number of cylinders are both right of the blue rubber block and behind the small cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 2
There is a big cylinder in front of the yellow matte cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What size is the yellow cylinder that is the same material as the tiny cyan thing? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a brown block; are there any tiny brown metallic blocks behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
The blue matte thing that is the same shape as the red object is what size? Answer: large. Output: cube
Does the large metal thing have the same color as the small matte object that is behind the purple rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the big metallic cylinder have the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a block that is in front of the big yellow thing; are there any things that are left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other objects are there of the same material as the large blue thing? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the large blue thing.
There is a rubber thing that is right of the blue matte cube; is its shape the same as the rubber object behind the gray matte block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the gray thing and the large cylinder have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a metallic block to the left of the rubber object on the right side of the yellow thing in front of the tiny yellow cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other objects are the same color as the tiny shiny cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects that are the same color as the tiny shiny cube.
There is a yellow thing that is the same size as the red thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What number of big objects are either cyan matte objects or things? Answer: 6. Output: 3
Is there a tiny metal object on the left side of the blue metal cylinder right of the rubber block that is in front of the big gray matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any objects that have the same size as the yellow shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several objects that have the same size as the yellow shiny block.
There is another large red thing that is the same shape as the large rubber thing; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Does the purple cylinder in front of the brown rubber thing have the same size as the brown rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many metal objects are either big brown things or large red cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metal objects that are either big brown things or large red cylinders.
What material is the big thing that is both right of the big brown metal cylinder and in front of the purple shiny cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
Do the large purple block and the big red ball have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal cylinder that is both on the right side of the big green thing and in front of the large brown cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What shape is the big green shiny thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many things are tiny cyan cylinders or small cylinders that are to the right of the brown metallic cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a big shiny cylinder behind the tiny shiny cylinder; does it have the same color as the matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big thing that is on the left side of the tiny purple rubber thing and right of the small shiny sphere; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: green
What number of other things are the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 6. Output: 0
There is a small cyan metallic object; is it the same shape as the small matte thing that is on the left side of the red cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many rubber things are either small yellow objects or big yellow things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three rubber things in the image, two of which are small yellow objects and one of which is a big yellow thing.
Is there a big rubber cylinder of the same color as the large rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big rubber cylinder of the same color as the large rubber ball.
Are there any small yellow spheres? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Does the small gray object have the same shape as the tiny cyan shiny object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of big things are red shiny things or blue rubber cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 2
What is the color of the tiny rubber cube? Answer: red. Output: The tiny rubber cube is red.
There is a object that is to the right of the small matte cylinder that is in front of the tiny cyan metallic thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: egg
Is there a green block that has the same material as the gray object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a green block that has the same material as the gray object.
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the small brown metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a large shiny block that is behind the yellow object; is it the same color as the cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small gray thing to the left of the large shiny ball behind the brown thing in front of the tiny shiny sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the size of the gray ball the same as the brown metal cube? Answer: no. Output: No, the size of the gray ball is much larger than the brown metal cube.
There is a shiny cylinder; does it have the same color as the sphere on the right side of the yellow metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the small gray object that is made of the same material as the big yellow block? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a yellow object that is right of the large brown cube; is its shape the same as the purple object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cyan matte thing to the left of the ball in front of the gray cube; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is another cube that is the same material as the cyan cube; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: purple
What number of other brown metal spheres have the same size as the brown ball? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the size of the sphere behind the big sphere that is behind the large metallic sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the sphere behind the big sphere that is behind the large metallic sphere is small.
What number of objects are cyan metal cylinders or gray cylinders on the right side of the large blue ball? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a blue metal thing that is in front of the big blue shiny cube; is its shape the same as the big yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a rubber object in front of the large blue metallic thing that is behind the yellow shiny cube; what number of large things are to the left of it? Answer: 4. Output: three
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the cyan rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are tiny yellow objects or blue shiny things? Answer: 3. Output: There are three tiny yellow objects and one blue shiny thing in the image.
There is a big yellow shiny thing; is its shape the same as the big blue metallic object behind the green block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the large gray thing left of the large blue sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Is the cyan thing the same shape as the tiny yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the size of the metal thing that is the same shape as the tiny cyan rubber thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 feet
Is there a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a big block of the same color as the big rubber thing. Yes, there
There is a tiny metallic object that is in front of the metal ball that is in front of the small metal cube that is behind the red cube; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: The tiny metallic object is in the shape of an egg.
What is the material of the large thing that is to the right of the purple object? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
What is the size of the shiny cylinder that is behind the green cube that is right of the tiny metallic object that is in front of the small gray rubber thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the shiny cylinder that is behind the green cube that is right of the tiny metallic object that is in front of the small gray rubber thing is quite small.
There is a blue shiny object; is its size the same as the metallic cylinder that is behind the tiny red metal block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a shiny cylinder that is to the right of the yellow object; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a gray matte object that is to the left of the green metal thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many blue objects are shiny cylinders or large rubber objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are two blue shiny cylinders or large rubber objects in the image.
Is the small gray thing made of the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small red metal block; how many tiny things are in front of it? Answer: 2. Output: 10
What is the shape of the big shiny object that is the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: The big shiny object that is the same color as the big cylinder is a sphere.
There is a big red thing that is in front of the red shiny object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
How many blue things are tiny metal objects or large spheres? Answer: 0. Output: There are two small metal objects and one large sphere that are blue.
Is the small gray thing made of the same material as the cyan cube? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a large gray sphere; what number of big balls are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a tiny thing that is on the left side of the red cylinder and in front of the tiny cyan thing; what material is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many cylinders are big brown matte objects or blue objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three cylinders in the image, two of which are big brown matte objects and one of which is blue.
What material is the brown thing that is the same shape as the tiny gray object? Answer: metal. Output: The brown thing that is the same shape as the tiny gray object is made of metal.
There is another cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny gray cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the large thing that is behind the red shiny ball and the big matte object that is to the right of the big cyan matte thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of gray things have the same shape as the red shiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the small red cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small red cylinder is made of metal.
How many other things are there of the same shape as the small cyan matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
The yellow shiny object is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches.
How big is the thing that is both on the right side of the purple shiny cylinder and left of the tiny red shiny thing? Answer: small. Output: small
The large object in front of the tiny yellow ball has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: Cylindrical.
Does the tiny cyan object have the same material as the tiny gray object to the left of the gray metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the tiny purple object have the same shape as the big gray object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a red thing that is the same shape as the brown object; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a small thing that is both behind the small red sphere and right of the purple cylinder; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
How many blocks are large green matte things or tiny purple objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large green matte things and one tiny purple object.
What size is the rubber thing that is the same shape as the cyan shiny thing? Answer: large. Output: small
How many tiny red shiny cylinders are there? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny red shiny cylinders.
Is the shape of the big green matte thing the same as the large red object that is behind the big yellow matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red cylinder that is left of the tiny block; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the small yellow cylinder made of? Answer: metal. Output: The small yellow cylinder is made of plastic.
There is a small red object that is in front of the rubber cube; does it have the same shape as the yellow matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
The other cylinder that is the same color as the matte cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a green rubber object that has the same size as the purple block? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a small object that is on the right side of the large cylinder that is on the right side of the yellow rubber cylinder; is there a gray cylinder that is behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of blocks are on the left side of the big blue rubber object and to the right of the big purple rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of rubber objects are either tiny blue spheres or small cyan cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a tiny sphere that is on the right side of the big metal object that is behind the small metallic thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a thing that is the same color as the large metallic cube; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a yellow object that is the same size as the gray cube; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there fewer small cyan matte things than matte things? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a tiny matte thing that is right of the tiny cyan cylinder; is there a blue rubber object that is to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a big purple thing that is the same material as the gray sphere; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there any other things that have the same color as the tiny metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No, the tiny metallic object is the only one of its kind.
There is another tiny object that is the same shape as the tiny blue rubber thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there anything else that is the same material as the large thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a big object; is it the same color as the tiny rubber block that is in front of the blue object? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the brown metal thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a purple rubber thing that is in front of the brown thing that is behind the tiny rubber block that is on the right side of the blue metallic block; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other objects are the same shape as the small brown rubber object? Answer: 4. Output: 3
There is a purple matte thing that is behind the blue metallic thing; is it the same shape as the small shiny object that is behind the large brown metal thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of spheres are either small green things or blue shiny things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What is the material of the small cube left of the large metal ball behind the yellow metallic ball that is in front of the tiny green thing? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
How many other things are there of the same size as the blue block? Answer: 7. Output: 5
The other thing that is the same color as the large thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
What material is the big cylinder that is the same color as the tiny matte cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The big cylinder that is the same color as the tiny matte cylinder is made of metal.
Is there a big object that has the same color as the tiny shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a big object that has the same color as the tiny shiny cylinder.
What is the material of the purple object to the right of the green matte thing left of the big green thing? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the number of tiny objects to the left of the big gray thing the same as the number of metal objects on the left side of the small brown cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are shiny objects that are to the left of the large gray metallic cylinder or red metal objects that are on the right side of the large green thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three shiny objects that are to the left of the large gray metallic cylinder, and there are two red metal objects that are on the right side of the large green thing.
There is a large object that is both behind the big matte cylinder and in front of the red matte sphere; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How big is the purple object behind the green rubber object behind the tiny cylinder right of the large matte ball? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
Is the number of gray metallic objects greater than the number of gray matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are the brown cylinder left of the large gray metal object and the tiny brown thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Are there fewer big gray cylinders than big purple balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of purple cylinders have the same material as the large purple thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Does the tiny gray rubber thing have the same shape as the purple metallic object in front of the small gray thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a gray cylinder that is in front of the gray matte thing that is on the right side of the purple metal ball; is there a big green thing that is in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a rubber object that is in front of the tiny gray rubber thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a gray sphere that is the same size as the red thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Does the cyan matte thing have the same shape as the green thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of objects are either cyan shiny objects or things that are behind the purple block? Answer: 7. Output: 3
There is a tiny thing that is the same color as the metallic cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the size of the gray matte thing behind the purple cube the same as the large yellow rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a matte cylinder behind the purple shiny thing that is in front of the large green matte ball; how many yellow matte objects are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: there is one yellow matte object in front of the large green matte ball.
What size is the other metallic thing that is the same shape as the tiny blue shiny thing? Answer: small. Output: 10 feet
Are there an equal number of small metal cylinders left of the tiny cyan cylinder and rubber spheres behind the sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
How many other things are the same material as the blue sphere? Answer: 4. Output: 3
Are there the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things. Yes, there are the same number of big matte spheres that are to the left of the big gray thing and matte things.
Is the size of the cyan metal object the same as the metallic cylinder that is behind the small metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: No
The blue matte object that is right of the gray cylinder has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the small blue matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a big gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a metallic cylinder that is to the right of the large blue sphere; is it the same size as the cyan thing that is to the left of the tiny cyan metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a cube that is both to the right of the large metal object and on the left side of the big gray thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Does the cube behind the brown block have the same size as the large cyan sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that is the same size as the brown shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a metal object that is the same shape as the gray matte object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there the same number of green things behind the yellow metallic object and big things that are behind the tiny purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a cylinder to the left of the purple metallic object; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: 2 feet
Do the large metallic block and the small matte ball have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No, the large metallic block and the small matte ball have different colors.
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the small yellow rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the other sphere that is the same color as the tiny matte ball? Answer: metal. Output: The other sphere that is the same color as the tiny matte ball is made of metal.
Is the number of blue metallic things behind the big cyan thing the same as the number of tiny rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a green cylinder; are there any small blocks in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the small metal ball and the metal object on the right side of the big cyan metal sphere have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a green metal thing of the same size as the cyan metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a green metal thing of the same size as the cyan metallic thing.
What size is the green cylinder that is right of the tiny blue shiny object? Answer: large. Output: The green cylinder that is right of the tiny blue shiny object is about the size of a soda can.
There is a gray thing right of the small gray object; are there any metal cylinders behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other things are there of the same shape as the small blue shiny object? Answer: 3. Output: There are four other things of the same shape as the small blue shiny object.
Does the small gray thing have the same shape as the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the color of the object that is both on the right side of the tiny blue object and behind the small gray thing? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the object that is both on the right side of the tiny blue object and behind the small gray thing is green.
There is a ball that is the same color as the matte cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many small things are cyan metallic balls or spheres? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small things that are cyan metallic balls or spheres.
Is there anything else that has the same color as the small metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the small metallic cylinder is the only one with that color.
What number of cyan shiny balls have the same size as the red metal cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of large things are either brown spheres or cyan shiny spheres? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Are there any red metallic balls? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Is the number of small rubber spheres that are behind the small yellow object greater than the number of green things behind the big green rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What color is the matte thing on the right side of the rubber cylinder behind the tiny shiny ball? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Are there any large metal balls that have the same color as the small metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large metal balls that have the same color as the small metal cylinder.
What size is the block to the right of the large sphere behind the small cyan metal ball that is right of the large rubber ball? Answer: small. Output: 10cm
What is the shape of the large yellow metal object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The large yellow metal object is a sphere.
There is another rubber ball that is the same color as the tiny rubber sphere; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a sphere behind the green cylinder; what number of small cylinders are to the right of it? Answer: 0. Output: 3
How many brown things have the same shape as the small red object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What color is the large matte object that is both in front of the tiny yellow rubber thing and to the right of the large gray matte block? Answer: brown. Output: The large matte object that is both in front of the tiny yellow rubber thing and to the right of the large gray matte block is blue.
What number of big objects are there? Answer: 5. Output: 5
Is the size of the cyan thing the same as the brown metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any big matte cubes that have the same color as the big metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are several big matte cubes that have the same color as the big metallic cylinder.
There is a shiny object on the right side of the blue shiny cylinder; is it the same shape as the big gray object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many gray metal things have the same size as the cyan matte cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three gray metal things that have the same size as the cyan matte cube.
How many rubber spheres are right of the yellow thing that is behind the tiny metal cube? Answer: 1. Output: two
Is the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing the same as the big yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing is the same as the big yellow object. Yes, the material of the gray cube behind the small yellow rubber thing
Is the material of the large brown cube behind the gray rubber block the same as the sphere to the left of the big blue metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a big cylinder right of the large gray cylinder; does it have the same color as the large shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a brown rubber cube that is in front of the gray metal ball; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
The purple object behind the small brown object on the right side of the red shiny cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
There is another small thing that is the same shape as the tiny yellow thing; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: purple
Do the brown thing on the left side of the purple matte cylinder and the small yellow metal cylinder have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny rubber thing that is the same color as the tiny matte cube; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many blue blocks are made of the same material as the small brown cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are two blue blocks made of the same material as the small brown cube.
What material is the brown object on the left side of the big rubber object right of the brown object behind the small brown sphere made of? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
What color is the small sphere left of the tiny metal object that is in front of the small yellow cylinder? Answer: gray. Output: Brown
What is the color of the metallic ball that is the same size as the brown rubber sphere? Answer: gray. Output: The metallic ball that is the same size as the brown rubber sphere is silver.
Is the gray metal ball the same size as the rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 12 inches. The matte block that is the same color as the big metal object is what size? 1
There is a sphere that is the same size as the cyan metal block; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: red
Are there fewer large cyan blocks left of the red ball than tiny cubes that are in front of the small green thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
The brown thing that is in front of the small block behind the blue cube that is to the left of the green metallic block is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
There is a metallic cylinder that is behind the large rubber ball; is it the same color as the cylinder in front of the big metal block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal object that is the same color as the big rubber block; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
How many metal objects are either big blocks or red things? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metal objects that are either big blocks or red things.
What color is the object that is to the right of the matte object on the right side of the sphere behind the matte sphere? Answer: brown. Output: Blue
What is the color of the big thing that is the same shape as the small purple shiny thing? Answer: red. Output: blue
What shape is the brown metal thing behind the large cyan object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The brown metal thing behind the large cyan object is a cube.
Do the large cyan rubber thing and the small blue object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a brown shiny object that is the same shape as the gray object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a sphere behind the matte cube; is it the same size as the large brown sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing that is both behind the small purple thing and to the right of the tiny blue thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a tiny cylinder that is the same color as the large rubber ball; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many large cylinders are the same color as the large rubber ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large cylinders that are the same color as the large rubber ball.
Are there the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing and small brown cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing as there are small brown cylinders. Yes, there are the same number of big brown objects behind the blue thing
The large matte ball is what color? Answer: brown. Output: blue.
What is the size of the gray thing that is the same material as the purple object? Answer: small. Output: The gray thing is the same size as the purple object.
Do the cyan thing in front of the small metallic cylinder and the tiny brown thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a large ball that is the same material as the small purple object; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: purple
Is the number of tiny cyan matte balls behind the tiny purple metal thing less than the number of brown objects that are right of the brown matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a rubber cylinder that is right of the small purple metallic cylinder; is it the same color as the big matte sphere that is behind the big brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there another large thing made of the same material as the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the brown matte cylinder right of the small cyan object that is in front of the large rubber cylinder? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
Are there more green blocks than shiny cubes? Answer: no. Output: No
Do the thing to the right of the gray thing and the tiny yellow block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are the same color as the small rubber ball? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Do the large shiny object and the purple shiny object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: No, the large shiny object and the purple shiny object have different shapes.
How many large things are either rubber cubes or yellow rubber cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are three large things that are either rubber cubes or yellow rubber cylinders.
What number of cylinders are there? Answer: 3. Output: 2
There is a sphere that is in front of the green matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a large blue sphere; are there any large metallic balls behind it? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large metallic balls behind it.
Does the brown ball have the same size as the purple metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many tiny yellow objects are the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are two tiny yellow objects that are the same material as the yellow cube.
There is a metal cube left of the metallic sphere behind the matte cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the color of the tiny thing that is on the left side of the tiny brown object and in front of the tiny matte cube? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Do the small red metallic object and the tiny blue thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
The ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny cylinder is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a big object that is the same material as the big brown cube; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: blue
Do the cube to the right of the small brown cube and the tiny purple object that is right of the metal cube have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the other block that is the same color as the tiny metallic cube? Answer: large. Output: The size of the other block that is the same color as the tiny metallic cube is much larger.
What is the tiny cylinder to the right of the tiny red shiny sphere made of? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
Is the shape of the brown matte thing in front of the big cyan metallic object the same as the red object that is left of the rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is the same color as the metal sphere; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are any large brown matte cubes visible? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large brown matte cubes visible.
What is the material of the small red thing that is the same shape as the small purple rubber object? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there any brown cylinders left of the large metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no brown cylinders left of the large metallic cylinder.
Are the ball that is in front of the large metal cylinder and the small red cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small red cylinder is not made of the same material as the large metal cylinder. The small red cylinder is made of plastic, while the large metal cylinder is made of metal.
There is a purple thing that is the same shape as the small gray rubber thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What color is the tiny metallic ball that is on the left side of the tiny brown metallic block that is on the right side of the small gray cylinder? Answer: brown. Output: gold
How many rubber objects are either purple things or big yellow cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: There are three rubber objects that are either purple things or big yellow cylinders.
Does the small brown ball have the same material as the small cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny cylinder that is on the left side of the small cylinder that is on the right side of the tiny purple matte cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of large objects are cyan cubes or purple matte cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 2
The yellow object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the number of blocks that are behind the cyan thing greater than the number of tiny cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of small gray rubber things in front of the big purple block the same as the number of tiny gray matte cylinders that are in front of the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of small gray rubber things in front of the big purple block is the same as the number of tiny gray matte cylinders that are in front of the cyan object.
There is a rubber thing that is both behind the purple rubber block and in front of the tiny gray rubber object; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: purple
There is a object that is both behind the cyan object and in front of the small metal cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a metal cylinder that is right of the large yellow object that is behind the small cyan sphere; how many small rubber objects are on the right side of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
What number of large things are either cyan shiny balls or yellow shiny things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is the material of the small ball that is behind the green rubber thing the same as the large yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the small cylinder behind the large shiny sphere that is right of the small yellow cylinder behind the matte sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The small cylinder behind the large shiny sphere that is right of the small yellow cylinder behind the matte sphere is made of aluminum.
What number of rubber objects are small yellow balls or tiny objects? Answer: 3. Output: 1
Are any yellow metallic cylinders visible? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a yellow metallic cylinder visible.
The shiny sphere on the left side of the small yellow object behind the cyan thing is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: gold
How many other things are there of the same color as the large shiny ball? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the large shiny ball.
What number of objects are either green cylinders or things that are in front of the large gray block? Answer: 5. Output: three
There is a tiny thing to the left of the large metallic cube; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
What number of cubes are either tiny red metal things or big brown shiny things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What is the size of the red cylinder that is on the right side of the large thing behind the brown metal object? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is a tiny cylinder; is it the same color as the big shiny cylinder to the left of the small purple block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny red shiny sphere; how many large objects are in front of it? Answer: 4. Output: three
Is the number of red metallic things less than the number of small yellow spheres? Answer: no. Output: yes
What size is the cylinder that is both to the right of the small cyan cylinder and behind the cyan metal cylinder? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
There is a small shiny thing in front of the red sphere; does it have the same color as the large matte block? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer green objects that are behind the big green object than tiny green metal cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
What shape is the large purple object that is made of the same material as the purple ball? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: 5. Output: 1
There is a big sphere to the right of the large green metallic cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What is the shape of the big green thing that is behind the rubber cube behind the cyan metallic thing on the left side of the tiny cyan ball? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Does the cyan cube have the same size as the yellow matte block? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are large brown metal blocks or large cyan objects left of the small yellow cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large brown metal blocks or large cyan objects left of the small yellow cube.
What number of objects are either big shiny cylinders that are left of the small yellow metallic block or cyan things right of the small sphere? Answer: 3. Output: three
Are there any small cyan objects to the left of the big block? Answer: no. Output: Yes
There is a large metallic sphere that is to the left of the green object that is behind the big green metallic thing that is in front of the yellow rubber cylinder; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: silver
There is a small object that is the same material as the green cylinder; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
What number of objects are big yellow matte things that are right of the big matte cube or large green cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there any matte things that have the same shape as the big green shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the size of the ball that is behind the red cylinder the same as the large block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are any tiny red metallic blocks visible? Answer: no. Output: No
How many objects are yellow matte balls that are in front of the large metal sphere or rubber blocks? Answer: 4. Output: There are three yellow matte balls in front of the large metal sphere or rubber blocks.
Is the color of the big matte cylinder the same as the rubber cube behind the green shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any things of the same size as the green block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
The yellow thing that is right of the ball behind the big green metal sphere is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of matte objects have the same color as the big cube? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the shape of the red thing that is made of the same material as the green sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
There is a rubber block behind the green sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: 10cm
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the tiny cyan ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the size of the yellow metallic object the same as the rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other objects are the same size as the gray rubber block? Answer: 5. Output: 0
Is the cylinder the same color as the tiny rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the tiny cyan shiny thing that is behind the big object in front of the small metallic block that is left of the cyan metal sphere? Answer: cube. Output: The tiny cyan shiny thing that is behind the big object in front of the small metallic block that is left of the cyan metal sphere is a sphere.
What number of things are large brown cylinders that are behind the matte block or tiny rubber balls that are left of the large yellow metal ball? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the size of the yellow sphere behind the big shiny ball left of the big yellow metallic thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the yellow sphere behind the big shiny ball left of the big yellow metallic thing is small.
There is a tiny rubber ball on the left side of the large rubber cylinder; does it have the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any big green rubber things that have the same shape as the tiny yellow rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the rubber cylinder that is the same size as the blue shiny thing? Answer: brown. Output: red
Is the number of big purple blocks that are left of the red rubber object the same as the number of metallic cylinders behind the yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the tiny block that is the same material as the blue cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: The tiny block that is the same material as the blue cylinder is green.
Is there a purple cube that has the same material as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many things are either big cyan matte spheres or balls? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big cyan matte spheres or balls in the image.
Does the tiny yellow cylinder have the same material as the small sphere to the left of the big blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a metal thing that is right of the big purple rubber thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the number of rubber spheres less than the number of cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there a small ball of the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small ball of the same color as the rubber cylinder. Yes, there is a small ball of the same color as the rubber cylinder.
There is a small rubber object that is both behind the gray rubber object and left of the green block; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What shape is the small object that is behind the sphere that is to the right of the red sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What is the material of the other thing that is the same shape as the red matte object? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What is the shape of the gray rubber thing to the left of the large green sphere? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
Are there any big cyan objects made of the same material as the big cyan ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several big cyan objects made of the same material as the big cyan ball.
Does the purple metal sphere have the same size as the green metallic object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the purple metal sphere has the same size as the green metallic object.
What number of cylinders are cyan things or gray metal objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three cylinders that are cyan things or gray metal objects.
What material is the cube that is the same color as the matte ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The cube that is the same color as the matte ball is made of metal.
What number of big gray metal things are the same shape as the red rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: two
Are there more large gray shiny objects that are behind the tiny purple metal object than gray balls on the right side of the cyan shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large gray shiny objects behind the tiny purple metal object than gray balls on the right side of the cyan shiny cylinder.
There is a small shiny object to the right of the tiny red object; is its color the same as the small matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
How big is the matte ball? Answer: small. Output: The matte ball is about the size of a basketball.
The object that is the same color as the rubber sphere is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there a big purple thing of the same shape as the big green matte object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the shape of the brown object that is the same size as the green block? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a yellow cylinder in front of the metallic sphere that is behind the big brown object; are there any large green things that are on the right side of it? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any purple rubber cylinders of the same size as the red shiny object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple rubber cylinder of the same size as the red shiny object.
There is a block that is behind the large cylinder; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What color is the metallic thing behind the small yellow rubber thing on the right side of the cylinder that is behind the metal cylinder? Answer: purple. Output: purple
There is a metallic sphere on the right side of the metallic sphere that is left of the large brown sphere; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: gold
Is the number of big matte cubes that are in front of the big metallic cylinder greater than the number of blue rubber cylinders in front of the matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Are the yellow cylinder behind the large red shiny sphere and the cylinder that is to the left of the green thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the green shiny object that is left of the tiny cyan metallic cylinder have the same size as the cube on the left side of the cyan metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the yellow rubber thing? Answer: small. Output: 1 inch
What number of tiny objects have the same material as the cyan cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What number of things are large green balls or tiny objects that are in front of the tiny yellow sphere? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is the green thing on the left side of the cyan shiny cylinder made of the same material as the green block? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the color of the matte cylinder that is the same size as the yellow matte ball? Answer: red. Output: green
Are there any tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the same shape as the green rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny red metallic objects that have the
There is a tiny shiny cylinder behind the tiny ball to the left of the small metallic object to the right of the cyan metallic thing; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: green
How many metallic things are either blocks or red things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metallic things that are either blocks or red things.
Are there more tiny things that are in front of the large green shiny cylinder than small green objects that are in front of the cyan rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more tiny things that are in front of the large green shiny cylinder than small green objects that are in front of the cyan rubber block.
Are there any small gray things that have the same shape as the tiny cyan matte thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What material is the large yellow sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The large yellow sphere is made of plastic.
There is a rubber cylinder that is behind the cyan rubber cylinder and to the left of the yellow rubber sphere; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a small object that is the same color as the big sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of big purple spheres are there? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there fewer big blue things than blue rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a cyan object that is the same size as the metallic sphere; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many things are either yellow rubber cylinders or large yellow rubber balls? Answer: 2. Output: There are three yellow rubber cylinders and one large yellow rubber ball.
What number of tiny cylinders are both right of the big yellow object and on the left side of the large rubber cube? Answer: 0. Output: two
Is the number of yellow rubber balls in front of the blue block less than the number of tiny metallic objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a big sphere that is the same color as the tiny rubber block; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of things are large metal objects right of the small cylinder or big balls in front of the tiny cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there fewer large blue rubber things than brown matte cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the shape of the green metallic thing that is the same size as the gray ball? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What number of other things are there of the same color as the large shiny cube? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of large brown cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of big shiny objects are to the right of the small cylinder and behind the large cyan shiny object? Answer: 0. Output: three
What is the material of the tiny block? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny block is made of metal.
Are any blue matte cubes visible? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
What color is the metal ball that is on the left side of the brown metal object? Answer: gray. Output: The metal ball that is on the left side of the brown metal object is silver.
There is a cylinder in front of the blue matte cylinder; is it the same color as the shiny cylinder that is left of the large cyan shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other big matte objects of the same shape as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the green metal object that is the same size as the blue object? Answer: sphere. Output: The green metal object that is the same size as the blue object is a sphere.
What number of rubber objects are the same color as the matte cube? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the size of the cyan thing in front of the gray matte cube? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan thing in front of the gray matte cube is small.
How many blue matte cylinders have the same size as the gray ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What color is the small object that is the same material as the green sphere? Answer: cyan. Output: The small object that is the same material as the green sphere is blue.
Are there fewer cylinders that are in front of the blue matte cylinder than cyan matte balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a gray object that is the same material as the gray block; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
How many matte objects are blue objects or purple things? Answer: 3. Output: There are three matte objects that are blue objects or purple things.
How many other objects are the same size as the blue metallic thing? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other objects that are the same size as the blue metallic thing.
There is a blue matte thing; is its shape the same as the small cyan matte thing to the left of the cyan rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of shiny objects are either green objects or tiny blue things? Answer: 4. Output: 3
Are there any other tiny metal blocks of the same color as the small metallic block? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other tiny metal blocks of the same color as the small metallic block.
Are any green metal balls visible? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Is the small blue metal thing the same shape as the blue rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of small things are brown cylinders or blue cubes? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What color is the big cube? Answer: green. Output: Green
There is a cyan rubber thing that is behind the small rubber cube in front of the cyan ball; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Is there a large green thing made of the same material as the green cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large green thing made of the same material as the green cube.
What color is the big rubber ball? Answer: red. Output: green
What is the material of the small ball that is behind the big metallic cylinder and right of the large brown metallic cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the small ball that is behind the big metallic cylinder and right of the large brown metallic cylinder is plastic.
Is there a gray sphere that is in front of the tiny sphere that is left of the big ball that is behind the purple metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a gray sphere that is in front of the tiny sphere that is left of the big ball that is behind the purple metallic cube.
There is a metal object that is the same color as the big matte thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a big purple block; are there any shiny blocks in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are the same shape as the brown object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The shiny sphere that is the same size as the purple block is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue.
Are there fewer red metal blocks that are right of the purple metallic object than brown metal cylinders in front of the small metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of blue spheres are to the right of the large brown object that is left of the big object on the right side of the small gray matte ball? Answer: 2. Output: two
What size is the red metal thing that is the same shape as the small green object? Answer: small. Output: The red metal thing is the same size as the small green object.
There is a tiny object that is the same color as the shiny ball; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
The big blue object that is in front of the blue metal cube has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Do the big cube behind the tiny purple rubber cube and the large metal cylinder in front of the large blue metallic cube have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No, the big cube behind the tiny purple rubber cube and the large metal cylinder in front of the large blue metallic cube have different colors.
What number of big shiny things are both on the right side of the brown rubber block and to the left of the cyan matte ball? Answer: 0. Output: two
What is the size of the blue cylinder that is made of the same material as the large blue cube? Answer: large. Output: The blue cylinder is smaller than the large blue cube.
What size is the shiny ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the shiny ball is not specified in the image.
What is the material of the purple sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The purple sphere is made of plastic.
There is a red shiny object right of the matte ball; does it have the same size as the cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are large blue objects or tiny purple matte objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three large blue objects and one tiny purple matte object.
What size is the shiny object that is both to the right of the tiny purple shiny sphere and left of the big red thing? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the large cyan metal object? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the gray thing behind the tiny yellow cylinder made of the same material as the cube behind the yellow cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a cyan thing right of the tiny gray metal cylinder in front of the gray shiny thing that is behind the sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many purple cubes have the same material as the big cyan sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there fewer metallic cubes than small blue metal spheres? Answer: no. Output: Yes
There is another rubber thing that is the same shape as the yellow rubber thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the material of the small cube in front of the purple cube the same as the small cyan object? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the shape of the large red shiny object the same as the small yellow metal object? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many things are large objects that are in front of the yellow matte block or cyan spheres? Answer: 3. Output: There are three large objects that are in front of the yellow matte block or cyan spheres.
There is a yellow thing that is the same material as the cyan cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What color is the tiny block? Answer: blue. Output: The tiny block is red.
There is a red cylinder that is behind the small purple object that is in front of the tiny cyan metal thing that is in front of the tiny metallic ball; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: The red cylinder that is behind the small purple object is about the same size as the tiny cyan metal thing that is in front of the tiny metallic ball.
What number of other things are the same size as the purple sphere? Answer: 7. Output: 0
What number of brown cylinders are made of the same material as the gray object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the shape of the red shiny thing that is behind the tiny purple ball? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are the large object and the red object that is behind the tiny gray sphere made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the large object and the red object are made of different materials.
Is there a small gray sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Are there any purple matte spheres that are in front of the tiny red shiny cylinder that is in front of the ball that is in front of the tiny gray metallic object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are purple matte spheres that are in front of the tiny red shiny cylinder that is in front of the ball that is in front of the tiny gray metallic object.
How many big things are purple matte spheres or cyan cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are three big things that are purple matte spheres or cyan cylinders.
There is a metal sphere that is the same size as the cyan thing; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: purple
What shape is the big matte thing that is the same color as the small rubber thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What material is the large cube that is left of the tiny gray cube? Answer: metal. Output: The large cube that is left of the tiny gray cube is made of metal.
There is a cube that is both right of the tiny gray shiny block and behind the small gray metallic cube; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Does the red object in front of the red ball have the same size as the yellow metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the tiny blue thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What number of tiny gray shiny things have the same shape as the large purple matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: one
What number of metal things are both on the right side of the big blue cylinder and to the left of the yellow thing? Answer: 1. Output: 2
The large metallic sphere has what color? Answer: blue. Output: Gold.
Is there a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder. Yes, there is a big cylinder made of the same material as the
There is a tiny gray thing to the right of the shiny cube that is behind the small gray object; are there any tiny yellow shiny spheres right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of big rubber objects are the same color as the large ball? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a cube that is the same color as the large ball; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Do the tiny purple object and the green thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any cubes behind the brown cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no cubes behind the brown cube.
What is the large block left of the cube in front of the big blue rubber cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: wood
There is a blue thing that is the same shape as the brown rubber thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a big rubber cube that is both behind the cyan rubber cylinder and to the left of the big yellow shiny object; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: blue
Do the shiny thing on the right side of the green shiny object and the small purple rubber cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Do the blue cube and the cube that is in front of the large cylinder have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many yellow objects are rubber blocks or small matte balls? Answer: 1. Output: There is one yellow object that is a rubber block or small matte ball.
Are there any small metal objects right of the tiny cyan block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small metal objects right of the tiny cyan block.
There is a ball that is to the right of the small object behind the cylinder right of the big purple object; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
How many cyan objects are both to the right of the yellow metallic object and behind the large gray metal cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two cyan objects that are both to the right of the yellow metallic object and behind the large gray metal cylinder.
What number of cylinders are metallic things or small blue things? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Are there any tiny gray rubber objects? Answer: no. Output: No
How many other objects are the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: 6. Output: There are three other objects that are the same material as the gray cylinder.
There is a green object that is the same size as the yellow metallic ball; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Do the large cyan thing to the right of the big cube and the tiny cyan thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Does the big rubber ball have the same color as the rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are metal things on the right side of the small purple sphere or small green objects? Answer: 6. Output: 3
What color is the tiny thing that is to the left of the brown cylinder and behind the small red metal cube? Answer: blue. Output: purple
There is a tiny thing that is in front of the blue metal cylinder; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What size is the purple block? Answer: large. Output: The purple block is about the size of a basketball.
How many red objects are either spheres or rubber blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are two red objects that are either spheres or rubber blocks.
How big is the blue object that is in front of the block on the right side of the big cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a ball; is its color the same as the small cylinder right of the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same material as the tiny brown cylinder? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the tiny brown cylinder.
There is a small yellow object that is the same material as the large green object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Are there any other things that have the same color as the sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a metallic cylinder that is the same color as the small ball; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of big things are either brown spheres or red metallic cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Are there an equal number of green things behind the big matte block and tiny blue cylinders to the left of the blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there are the same number of green blocks that are to the left of the purple metal object and big brown rubber objects. Yes, there
Does the blue cylinder have the same size as the purple cube? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the material of the ball that is both in front of the yellow matte sphere and behind the big purple metal object? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the ball that is both in front of the yellow matte sphere and behind the big purple metal object is plastic.
How many blue things are the same shape as the purple metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a big brown ball that is left of the red sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
Are there fewer brown metallic spheres on the left side of the big green sphere than big cyan metal cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the yellow thing the same shape as the tiny matte thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is there a green shiny cylinder that has the same size as the red metal cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a green shiny cylinder that has the same size as the red metal cube.
There is a big cyan cylinder that is in front of the small metal thing that is on the left side of the large blue thing; are there any green metallic cylinders on the right side of it? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the color of the small shiny cube the same as the small metallic cylinder in front of the large blue object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the small shiny cube is different from the small metallic cylinder in front of the large blue object.
What is the cube behind the green metallic thing to the right of the large shiny block that is on the left side of the big purple thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: the cube behind the green metallic thing to the right of the large shiny block that is on the left side of the big purple thing made of is blue
The small metal object that is on the left side of the yellow metal cylinder has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What size is the yellow thing that is the same material as the large cyan cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other objects have the same shape as the large red metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a big rubber cylinder left of the cyan metallic thing; is its color the same as the small metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small green thing that is to the left of the block that is left of the large shiny cylinder; what number of small shiny cylinders are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
How many large objects are both in front of the green shiny cylinder and on the right side of the large green rubber object? Answer: 3. Output: There are two large objects in front of the green shiny cylinder and on the right side of the large green rubber object.
What is the shape of the brown thing that is right of the red rubber thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there fewer tiny shiny cubes that are behind the green cube than large brown shiny things left of the small purple block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a gray rubber thing; is it the same size as the cube in front of the red metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many red spheres have the same size as the purple metal block? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the color of the tiny thing that is the same material as the tiny brown sphere? Answer: red. Output: The tiny thing that is the same material as the tiny brown sphere is gold.
Is the number of tiny brown matte objects greater than the number of large gray metallic spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the material of the big gray object the same as the large yellow object? Answer: no. Output: No, the material of the big gray object is different from the large yellow object.
What is the shape of the gray object that is the same material as the small brown sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: The gray object that is the same material as the small brown sphere is a cube.
Is the number of green objects less than the number of red objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the big object that is both left of the big red metallic cylinder and behind the large gray object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The big object that is both left of the big red metallic cylinder and behind the large gray object is a cube.
Do the small shiny block and the large rubber cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the size of the sphere that is the same color as the rubber cube? Answer: large. Output: The size of the sphere that is the same color as the rubber cube is small.
How many brown blocks have the same material as the purple block? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is another tiny cylinder that is made of the same material as the yellow cylinder; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
There is a cyan shiny ball; is it the same size as the gray object to the left of the cyan cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
The large cyan thing that is in front of the big matte thing to the left of the small rubber sphere that is behind the green ball is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many objects are either cyan cubes or big cyan metal objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are four objects that are either cyan cubes or big cyan metal objects.
There is a big shiny sphere to the left of the yellow rubber object; does it have the same color as the cube to the left of the tiny purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the cyan rubber thing that is the same size as the blue matte thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How many things are either cyan things behind the large cyan metallic sphere or tiny objects that are behind the small purple metal thing? Answer: 5. Output: There are two cyan things behind the large cyan metallic sphere and three tiny objects behind the small purple metal thing.
There is a red ball that is made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many yellow metal things have the same shape as the tiny red rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many objects are small things that are on the right side of the tiny purple metallic cylinder or tiny red metal objects in front of the tiny metal sphere? Answer: 6. Output: There are three small things that are on the right side of the tiny purple metallic cylinder or tiny red metal objects in front of the tiny metal sphere.
There is a matte ball in front of the big cyan thing; how many large cyan spheres are to the right of it? Answer: 1. Output: two
Is the shape of the tiny red metallic object that is behind the matte cylinder the same as the red object to the right of the tiny blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the tiny matte thing that is the same color as the shiny sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: The tiny matte thing that is the same color as the shiny sphere is a cube.
Are there any balls made of the same material as the red cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a blue ball made of the same material as the red cube.
How many matte objects are either red things or large blue things? Answer: 1. Output: There are three matte objects that are either red things or large blue things.
The tiny purple thing that is on the right side of the red metallic thing that is in front of the small red metal block is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Are there fewer small balls on the left side of the small purple cylinder than red metal cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the material of the tiny cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny cube is made of plastic.
What is the color of the rubber sphere that is behind the yellow thing? Answer: green. Output: The color of the rubber sphere that is behind the yellow thing is purple.
Is the number of big brown things that are behind the big purple cylinder greater than the number of large blue rubber things that are in front of the brown rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a green metal object that is left of the large cylinder on the right side of the big blue block that is behind the small yellow object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there a metal sphere of the same color as the large matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a metal sphere of the same color as the large matte ball.
What number of small green rubber cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What material is the blue object behind the rubber sphere to the left of the matte ball in front of the small green thing? Answer: rubber. Output: Aluminum
Are there any tiny yellow balls that have the same material as the gray object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny yellow balls that have the same material as the gray object.
Is the purple cylinder made of the same material as the big green ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cylinders are either blue things or large green objects? Answer: 0. Output: 2
There is a metal cylinder that is in front of the tiny brown thing behind the large red matte thing; what number of matte objects are to the left of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
The matte ball in front of the tiny matte thing that is to the left of the big shiny object is what color? Answer: red. Output: green
How many other objects are the same material as the yellow cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 1
How many red cylinders are on the right side of the small block that is to the right of the cyan rubber cube? Answer: 1. Output: two
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the tiny purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the shiny object that is on the right side of the green thing have the same color as the shiny thing in front of the red ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of large red matte objects less than the number of blue metal spheres? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a small red thing behind the brown ball on the left side of the large ball; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What is the shape of the large object on the left side of the brown thing to the right of the brown ball that is on the left side of the green object? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many things are metal cylinders in front of the red metallic cylinder or things on the right side of the big green shiny sphere? Answer: 7. Output: There are three metal cylinders in front of the red metallic cylinder or things on the right side of the big green shiny sphere.
There is a large cyan metal thing right of the green matte thing; is its shape the same as the gray object that is to the right of the big cyan metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the block that is the same color as the metal cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the block that is the same color as the metal cylinder is not specified in the image.
What number of other things are the same size as the purple thing? Answer: 5. Output: 0
There is a large metal ball; is it the same color as the large metallic block left of the small shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer metallic things that are behind the purple ball than things to the left of the metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the tiny shiny object that is to the left of the tiny blue metal thing and behind the tiny gray ball? Answer: red. Output: The tiny shiny object that is to the left of the tiny blue metal thing and behind the tiny gray ball is green.
There is a purple ball; does it have the same size as the red block that is behind the cyan metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cyan shiny thing on the right side of the gray object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there more large spheres that are behind the big cyan shiny ball than gray blocks? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more large spheres that are behind the big cyan shiny ball than gray blocks.
What number of cyan shiny things are right of the large metal block that is left of the blue metal thing behind the cyan cube? Answer: 1. Output: two
What is the material of the big cube that is the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The big cube that is the same color as the rubber cylinder is made of plastic.
There is a ball that is both left of the large brown metal thing and right of the yellow metal sphere; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other things are there of the same shape as the red thing? Answer: 4. Output: 1
How many other things are there of the same material as the big red thing? Answer: 5. Output: There are four other things of the same material as the big red thing.
There is a green thing that is the same shape as the brown object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Do the large rubber block and the large cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a rubber object that is both on the left side of the big brown object and to the right of the gray sphere; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
How many things are either large balls that are to the left of the big green ball or gray rubber objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large balls that are to the left of the big green ball and two gray rubber objects.
What color is the other large matte object that is the same shape as the big gray matte thing? Answer: green. Output: green
Do the big yellow object and the big brown shiny object on the right side of the large gray matte object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a blue thing that is the same shape as the tiny brown object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of small cylinders right of the large blue matte object the same as the number of rubber cylinders in front of the small brown object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the big blue object and the yellow object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many purple objects are small matte things or large rubber things? Answer: 0. Output: There are no purple objects in the image.
What number of brown metal objects have the same shape as the tiny rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What material is the blue ball? Answer: metal. Output: The blue ball is made of plastic.
Are there an equal number of tiny green cubes in front of the matte sphere and things? Answer: no. Output: Yes
The blue object that is the same size as the yellow sphere is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there a metal thing that is to the left of the big thing on the right side of the big ball? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many large things are yellow objects or gray things? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large things that are yellow objects or gray things.
There is a thing that is the same color as the small matte ball; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Do the large matte thing that is behind the gray object and the cylinder that is in front of the small green cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many matte things are on the right side of the gray matte object and in front of the purple sphere? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the small brown thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: The small brown thing is made of plastic.
There is a blue thing that is the same size as the blue rubber block; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is the small cube that is left of the tiny metal cube made of the same material as the large sphere that is behind the tiny brown block? Answer: no. Output: No
How many blue rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of yellow things are the same shape as the gray rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the gray object and the big shiny thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
The blue rubber cylinder has what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
Does the blue ball have the same size as the cyan object behind the small metal ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the shiny cylinder to the right of the large cylinder have the same size as the metallic cylinder that is on the left side of the purple rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the cyan metal object that is the same size as the yellow metallic thing? Answer: sphere. Output: The shape of the cyan metal object that is the same size as the yellow metallic thing is a cube.
What material is the cyan cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan cylinder is made of plastic.
What is the color of the small thing that is both to the left of the small rubber cylinder and right of the tiny cyan object? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
Is the number of small cyan metal objects in front of the purple cube the same as the number of small spheres that are right of the small cyan sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, the number of small cyan metal objects in front of the purple cube is different from the number of small spheres that are right of the small cyan sphere.
What is the color of the cylinder that is the same material as the big block? Answer: purple. Output: The cylinder that is the same material as the big block is blue.
There is a matte cylinder; is it the same color as the matte thing to the right of the small blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a yellow cube behind the big thing to the right of the large thing left of the large yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The tiny yellow object that is the same material as the small blue ball is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many other objects are the same color as the big shiny cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects that are the same color as the big shiny cube.
Does the metal cylinder on the left side of the tiny brown cylinder have the same size as the brown shiny thing left of the big shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the small metallic object in front of the brown metallic cylinder? Answer: purple. Output: The small metallic object in front of the brown metallic cylinder is green.
Is the number of yellow metallic things behind the brown block less than the number of big green rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the large red cube have the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: no
The metallic thing that is the same shape as the yellow matte object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many things are things behind the small purple shiny cylinder or tiny metal things right of the large red metal block? Answer: 8. Output: There are four things behind the small purple shiny cylinder or tiny metal things right of the large red metal block.
Are there fewer tiny cubes than small things? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a red shiny block; does it have the same size as the cylinder that is on the right side of the big red cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of metallic objects are large yellow spheres or brown spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metallic objects that are large yellow spheres or brown spheres.
There is a thing that is the same color as the shiny ball; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there a tiny object that has the same color as the matte cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a tiny object that has the same color as the matte cube.
Is the big matte block the same color as the tiny metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a small green thing that is the same shape as the red object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a thing that is in front of the small yellow object and to the left of the green ball; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Does the small yellow cylinder have the same material as the small green ball? Answer: no. Output: no
The tiny purple object has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of objects are either gray rubber spheres or rubber things behind the green metal cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: three
Do the small thing in front of the purple matte thing and the tiny shiny cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber object that is both to the left of the red matte thing and in front of the tiny purple block; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: green
What is the tiny green object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The tiny green object is made of plastic.
There is a object that is both to the left of the red matte block and in front of the big matte sphere; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a rubber cylinder; does it have the same color as the shiny sphere left of the small purple shiny block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a green object that is the same size as the purple metallic cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there any green cylinders that have the same material as the large ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two green cylinders that have the same material as the large ball.
What number of large matte cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Do the big brown ball and the tiny sphere that is right of the brown cube have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the small block that is the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many tiny metallic objects have the same color as the small shiny block? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny metallic objects that have the same color as the small shiny block.
How big is the blue rubber block? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
There is a tiny object that is the same color as the big sphere; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
The large object that is the same material as the tiny yellow object is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is there any other thing of the same color as the large metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many tiny red rubber objects are in front of the small brown shiny ball that is to the left of the shiny cylinder that is left of the large purple metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny red rubber objects in front of the small brown shiny ball that is to the left of the shiny cylinder that is left of the large purple metallic thing.
What number of red objects are large matte things or metal objects? Answer: 0. Output: There is one large matte thing or metal object that is red.
Do the matte cylinder and the yellow object behind the small red matte object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big thing that is the same shape as the small purple thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of other objects are the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: 0
The brown thing in front of the big object right of the purple matte block that is right of the gray object is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What is the shape of the small thing that is to the left of the small cylinder and in front of the large gray shiny cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the shape of the brown matte thing the same as the large brown shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are things that are to the right of the tiny brown cylinder or red metal cylinders? Answer: 8. Output: 5
The tiny shiny object that is right of the large brown block behind the shiny cylinder on the right side of the small shiny cylinder is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the shape of the brown object that is made of the same material as the small cyan block? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
The red shiny thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the shiny block the same size as the yellow shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of things are large matte objects in front of the small matte thing or large metallic cubes in front of the tiny cyan object? Answer: 3. Output: There are three large matte objects in front of the small matte thing or large metallic cubes in front of the tiny cyan object.
There is a brown block in front of the brown shiny cylinder that is in front of the brown rubber thing; how many shiny balls are to the right of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
How big is the red thing to the right of the large brown shiny thing? Answer: large. Output: 2 feet
How many purple spheres have the same size as the brown metal cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is there a brown cylinder made of the same material as the large cyan sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a brown cylinder made of the same material as the large cyan sphere.
The big brown matte object is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Do the green rubber object and the red matte sphere have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other things are the same shape as the green thing? Answer: 4. Output: 0
There is a large metal thing that is right of the tiny yellow metallic thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
Is the shape of the big thing that is to the right of the brown matte thing the same as the tiny thing that is behind the tiny yellow metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there an equal number of large metallic things on the right side of the small purple metallic cube and big brown objects? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the green block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the red object that is the same shape as the big yellow metallic object? Answer: rubber. Output: The red object that is the same shape as the big yellow metallic object is made of plastic.
The rubber object to the left of the tiny shiny thing right of the big matte cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
The gray thing has what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
The small blue metal object is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of tiny brown things on the left side of the cyan rubber ball less than the number of tiny cyan metallic things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a large object that is behind the big shiny sphere; is it the same color as the large ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many rubber things are either big brown cubes or tiny balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are three rubber things in the image, two of which are big brown cubes and one of which is a tiny ball.
Are there any other things that are the same size as the yellow metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a big thing that is made of the same material as the large blue block; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
How many cylinders are tiny brown objects or tiny gray metallic things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny brown objects or tiny gray metallic things.
What number of things are small rubber cylinders or shiny cylinders that are behind the tiny brown thing? Answer: 3. Output: three
Is the shape of the cyan thing the same as the big red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a red rubber thing to the left of the tiny purple block; is it the same size as the red rubber thing in front of the purple matte ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small block that is to the right of the yellow metal block and behind the green block; what material is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the big rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than small rubber objects. Yes, there are fewer large things behind the big green matte object than
Are there more tiny yellow things than tiny balls? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big matte thing behind the metallic cube in front of the tiny yellow cube; is there a red object to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the gray metallic block? Answer: 5. Output: three
Are there any shiny things in front of the large green rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no shiny things in front of the large green rubber sphere.
There is a big rubber ball; is its color the same as the small block on the right side of the large red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other matte balls have the same color as the tiny rubber sphere? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a tiny red matte object that is on the right side of the small matte cylinder in front of the tiny red sphere; how many small cylinders are on the right side of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of small rubber cubes are both behind the tiny green rubber thing and in front of the tiny green thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
What shape is the small matte object that is to the right of the brown thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Are there fewer cylinders behind the tiny sphere than blue cylinders that are on the left side of the tiny blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the material of the small red thing to the right of the purple metallic thing the same as the tiny cylinder in front of the tiny purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the small brown object? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Are there more red spheres on the left side of the tiny blue rubber block than blue cubes that are behind the tiny purple shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the shape of the red matte object behind the tiny red rubber sphere the same as the tiny metallic thing that is in front of the big yellow ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the green matte block? Answer: 6. Output: three
There is a brown object that is right of the cyan metallic cube; is its size the same as the tiny rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of blue metallic balls that are to the right of the large rubber thing less than the number of large yellow rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a green object that is the same size as the brown cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of large things are shiny balls or gray metal blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are six large shiny balls or gray metal blocks in the image.
What number of things are either big things behind the green cylinder or large things behind the large red shiny sphere? Answer: 3. Output: three
Are there fewer small cyan things than tiny yellow cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a gray shiny thing that is the same size as the brown metal cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How many other objects are there of the same color as the tiny matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects of the same color as the tiny matte thing.
How many brown matte blocks are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many big metal objects are in front of the tiny cyan metallic object and to the right of the small metallic block? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big metal objects in front of the tiny cyan metallic object and to the right of the small metallic block.
There is a large metallic cylinder; is its color the same as the tiny rubber cylinder that is to the left of the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the green cylinder have the same size as the gray metal cube behind the large red shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many rubber objects are either tiny cubes or things? Answer: 3. Output: There are no rubber objects in the image.
Are there more purple matte cylinders than purple blocks? Answer: yes. Output: No
What shape is the small blue object that is right of the red metallic object to the left of the tiny blue shiny thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
There is a big thing right of the brown cube that is on the left side of the tiny brown object; are there any small brown metal blocks to the left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a metallic cylinder that is the same size as the purple matte object; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: red
The big metal object that is both in front of the purple rubber cylinder and behind the small gray metal block has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: rectangular
What is the size of the purple object in front of the small purple thing left of the large purple cylinder? Answer: large. Output: 1/2 inch
How many tiny rubber objects have the same color as the small metallic cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny rubber objects that have the same color as the small metallic cylinder.
There is a tiny cylinder that is the same color as the large shiny ball; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Do the matte cylinder that is in front of the tiny green shiny cylinder and the small matte cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No, the matte cylinder in front of the tiny green shiny cylinder and the small matte cylinder do not have the same color. The matte cylinder in front of the tiny green shiny cylinder is gold, while the small matte cylinder is red.
There is a big block that is to the right of the large purple rubber cube and left of the large green cube; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are the tiny purple thing and the big yellow cube made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny purple thing and the big yellow cube are made of different materials.
What number of other brown cylinders are the same size as the brown cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there the same number of metallic spheres that are in front of the large red object and tiny gray cubes? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of metallic spheres that are in front of the large red object and tiny gray cubes.
What number of green shiny things are on the left side of the yellow cube and right of the small green cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Do the large brown metal thing that is in front of the tiny metal cylinder and the small purple thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a brown thing that is the same size as the green metallic ball; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of big things on the left side of the metallic ball the same as the number of big green objects that are behind the big green block? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are big gray metallic balls or cyan shiny balls that are behind the tiny green cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big gray metallic balls or cyan shiny balls that are behind the tiny green cylinder.
Are there more big rubber things than tiny yellow matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
The yellow object in front of the small gray shiny cylinder has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: The yellow object in front of the small gray shiny cylinder has a sphere shape.
What number of other big objects are the same shape as the big cyan shiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a metallic thing left of the large thing to the left of the small green thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: 2 feet
What number of purple objects are shiny balls or shiny cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there fewer gray balls that are in front of the tiny matte object than yellow metallic objects to the right of the big yellow metal object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the size of the cyan shiny object the same as the shiny sphere that is behind the cyan rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of blue metallic cylinders are the same size as the gray cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of big things are red spheres or yellow cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What color is the metallic object that is both in front of the cyan shiny thing and to the left of the brown metal sphere? Answer: red. Output: The metallic object that is both in front of the cyan shiny thing and to the left of the brown metal sphere is gold.
Is the blue block made of the same material as the cyan ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the purple object? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
How many small objects are in front of the matte block that is to the right of the small metal object in front of the gray ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small objects in front of the matte block that is to the right of the small metal object in front of the gray ball.
There is another shiny thing that is the same shape as the small cyan metal thing; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: gold
There is a big object that is left of the tiny red cube left of the red thing that is behind the small blue rubber object; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a thing that is on the right side of the tiny cyan cube and behind the large matte object; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of big rubber cylinders less than the number of small green matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How big is the shiny ball that is behind the blue matte block? Answer: small. Output: The shiny ball that is behind the blue matte block is about the size of a basketball.
The object that is both to the right of the purple thing and in front of the small blue matte object has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
The yellow cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
How many rubber objects are on the left side of the tiny cylinder in front of the tiny gray sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are two rubber objects on the left side of the tiny cylinder in front of the tiny gray sphere.
Does the large thing that is on the left side of the yellow rubber cube have the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any other things that have the same material as the big gray ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several other objects in the image that have the same material as the big gray ball.
There is a gray thing behind the big rubber cylinder right of the tiny gray rubber sphere; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a gray sphere that is right of the small rubber cylinder on the right side of the yellow object that is in front of the small yellow matte cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Does the shiny object in front of the large cyan cylinder have the same shape as the rubber object that is left of the big gray sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same color as the big cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the big cube.
There is a rubber ball to the left of the purple ball; does it have the same size as the large metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the cube behind the large purple object have the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as the gray sphere that is in front of the gray metallic object. Yes, the cube behind the large purple object has the same material as
Is the color of the small metallic thing the same as the rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the small metallic thing is different from the rubber block.
How many things are either matte spheres that are to the left of the small brown rubber sphere or large cyan cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: There are three matte spheres that are to the left of the small brown rubber sphere, and there is one large cyan cylinder.
What number of large brown spheres are to the right of the small sphere behind the brown matte sphere in front of the tiny red ball? Answer: 0. Output: three
What shape is the tiny brown object that is in front of the cyan object that is right of the tiny rubber sphere to the left of the cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of other objects are the same color as the matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a cyan object that is left of the matte object that is in front of the matte cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many tiny matte balls are behind the small shiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny matte balls behind the small shiny thing.
Is there a brown sphere that has the same material as the big cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a brown sphere that has the same material as the big cyan object.
What material is the green sphere that is the same size as the cyan ball? Answer: metal. Output: The green sphere is made of metal, while the cyan ball is made of plastic.
What is the size of the thing that is both behind the tiny metal cube and on the right side of the tiny matte cube? Answer: small. Output: ball
The small green object that is the same material as the small blue cylinder is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What size is the green thing? Answer: small. Output: The green thing is about the size of a tennis ball.
What is the color of the other small sphere that is made of the same material as the tiny gray ball? Answer: green. Output: The other small sphere that is made of the same material as the tiny gray ball is green.
How many red cylinders have the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Do the cylinder that is behind the small blue thing and the gray cube have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there fewer small green spheres that are in front of the small green thing than blue things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the shape of the metal object that is in front of the small green rubber ball? Answer: cube. Output: The metal object that is in front of the small green rubber ball is a cube.
What is the shape of the gray object that is the same size as the red matte object? Answer: sphere. Output: The gray object that is the same size as the red matte object is a cube.
Is there a big green shiny object that has the same shape as the small brown thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the small purple object that is behind the red object have the same shape as the matte thing in front of the tiny green matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are small blue spheres or big green shiny balls? Answer: 2. Output: 1
How many tiny things are either purple shiny blocks or blue matte blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny things that are either purple shiny blocks or blue matte blocks.
Are there any other things that have the same color as the small shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several other objects that have the same color as the small shiny ball.
There is a matte object that is in front of the big brown block and behind the large blue ball; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a shiny object that is right of the small green thing; does it have the same color as the big ball that is right of the large green ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are the same material as the small green thing? Answer: 6. Output: 3
The small matte object that is both in front of the tiny blue metal sphere and to the right of the brown matte ball has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Does the tiny metallic block have the same color as the small object left of the tiny brown thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the brown rubber object that is on the left side of the red metal block and the red cube have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the blue object that is the same shape as the tiny red thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of other things are the same material as the large purple object? Answer: 5. Output: 3
How many brown objects are big blocks or small metal spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are two brown objects in the image, one of which is a small metal sphere and the other is a big block.
There is a purple sphere; how many metal objects are in front of it? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How big is the rubber cube that is to the left of the tiny object that is in front of the green cylinder on the left side of the blue block? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there any cubes behind the large shiny object that is on the right side of the purple object on the left side of the small metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a cube behind the large shiny object on the right side of the purple object on the left side of the small metallic sphere.
Is the number of shiny balls greater than the number of tiny cyan objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The big rubber thing right of the tiny gray metal object is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Is the number of blocks behind the big brown metal cylinder greater than the number of cyan cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the material of the large sphere the same as the brown ball? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the large sphere is different from the brown ball.
How many other objects are the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is another metal object that is the same shape as the tiny yellow object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of big things have the same material as the tiny purple object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many objects are small matte cylinders or big green metallic spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small matte cylinders and one big green metallic sphere.
Is there a yellow object on the left side of the tiny green matte thing on the right side of the yellow rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of tiny green rubber cubes that are behind the small yellow matte sphere greater than the number of shiny things that are to the left of the rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a big thing that is the same color as the small rubber cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many small blocks have the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 1
There is a tiny cube behind the rubber cube; is it the same color as the metal object in front of the large green cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a shiny block; are there any tiny rubber things on the left side of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the tiny purple sphere made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny purple sphere is made of plastic.
Is there anything else that has the same color as the tiny metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
What material is the block that is behind the tiny metallic cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The block that is behind the tiny metallic cube is made of plastic.
Is the number of purple spheres that are on the right side of the big metal sphere less than the number of big green metal things? Answer: no. Output: yes
Do the small brown metal object and the gray matte thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are any cyan rubber balls visible? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a small blue object; is its shape the same as the purple rubber thing that is in front of the small gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a green ball in front of the brown object right of the tiny brown rubber object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
The large ball is what color? Answer: green. Output: purple.
Do the small ball that is in front of the tiny green thing and the matte ball that is behind the tiny purple metal ball have the same color? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small ball that is in front of the tiny green thing and the matte ball that is behind the tiny purple metal ball have the same color.
There is another object that is the same shape as the tiny brown metallic thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the small rubber thing that is in front of the small blue metal sphere and the large blue thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of big green matte objects that are to the left of the brown metallic cylinder greater than the number of things behind the tiny brown matte object? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many large objects are made of the same material as the small brown cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large objects made of the same material as the small brown cylinder.
Is the size of the blue metallic object the same as the yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: No, the size of the blue metallic object is smaller than the yellow cube.
What is the color of the large metallic thing? Answer: yellow. Output: The large metallic thing is gold.
What number of objects are either tiny cyan matte cylinders or things? Answer: 9. Output: 5
Is there another shiny thing of the same shape as the big yellow object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a ball that is right of the big rubber ball; is its color the same as the shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the blue object in front of the small rubber thing on the right side of the blue matte cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Are there any green blocks that have the same size as the brown shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a green block that has the same size as the brown shiny thing.
How many shiny things are either tiny cyan spheres or big gray blocks? Answer: 0. Output: There are three shiny things in the image, two of which are tiny cyan spheres and one of which is a big gray block.
There is a purple metallic thing that is the same shape as the small blue matte thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the cyan rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the size of the blue sphere the same as the metallic cube that is to the right of the large rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the small cyan rubber object that is behind the small purple metallic ball? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a matte block that is right of the large shiny block left of the small blue thing; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
There is another tiny metallic thing that is the same shape as the tiny gray metal object; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: blue
How many matte cylinders have the same color as the small block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a big cylinder; is it the same color as the large shiny object to the right of the tiny blue rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
The metallic object that is behind the tiny gray metal thing and on the right side of the big red matte object has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
The brown cylinder that is made of the same material as the yellow cube is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10cm
There is a matte thing behind the big green matte thing; is it the same size as the yellow object that is in front of the purple matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the purple cylinder that is the same size as the green cube? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
The big object that is both in front of the green block and on the left side of the yellow rubber thing is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is there a tiny yellow metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a tiny cube; does it have the same color as the big object on the left side of the big green matte cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny object that is the same color as the big shiny cylinder; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: gold
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the small brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the small rubber object that is to the right of the cyan cylinder in front of the big cyan thing that is in front of the large blue thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
The tiny brown rubber thing is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
There is a rubber object that is on the right side of the blue matte thing and on the left side of the big block; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
There is a cyan sphere that is the same material as the big block; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a small metal cylinder; does it have the same color as the rubber block that is left of the blue sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the tiny object that is on the left side of the tiny green block and in front of the small cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: Plastic
There is a matte cube that is the same color as the tiny cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a large blue metal thing behind the small green rubber cube; is it the same shape as the tiny blue thing in front of the purple cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are any purple things visible? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the large thing that is the same shape as the small gray object? Answer: purple. Output: The large thing that is the same shape as the small gray object is blue.
What is the color of the rubber sphere that is the same size as the blue matte object? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the rubber sphere that is the same size as the blue matte object is red.
Do the big red thing and the big blue cylinder have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a object that is the same color as the tiny matte cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a red rubber thing left of the large red thing that is in front of the purple metallic cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What is the size of the rubber cylinder in front of the green matte thing behind the big cylinder that is to the right of the big red cylinder? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
What color is the small rubber thing that is the same shape as the large purple thing? Answer: green. Output: red
Does the green block have the same size as the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a large cylinder that is right of the matte sphere; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many other things are there of the same shape as the tiny brown shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other things of the same shape as the tiny brown shiny object.
Do the big metallic object and the yellow metal thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any large matte objects in front of the big red rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large matte objects in front of the big red rubber sphere.
How many things are matte cylinders or large red things? Answer: 4. Output: There are three matte cylinders and one large red thing.
What number of big brown metal blocks are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of rubber things are either tiny purple things or green balls? Answer: 2. Output: 4
How many large rubber cylinders have the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two large rubber cylinders that have the same color as the small cylinder.
What is the material of the cylinder that is behind the yellow rubber ball that is left of the purple matte object? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
The cyan matte thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
What number of shiny blocks are the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 1
What number of other big things are the same shape as the large green matte object? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Are there the same number of tiny rubber objects that are to the left of the large green rubber ball and tiny purple cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: No
What shape is the purple thing that is the same size as the cyan metal object? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Are there any large yellow rubber objects of the same shape as the tiny cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large yellow rubber objects of the same shape as the tiny cyan object.
How many objects are tiny yellow rubber spheres or tiny yellow rubber things to the right of the cyan cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
How many other big blue things have the same shape as the blue matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the material of the ball that is the same size as the yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the ball that is the same size as the yellow shiny cylinder is plastic.
There is a yellow metallic object in front of the big object right of the large object that is behind the tiny yellow metal block; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the color of the big cylinder in front of the cyan object the same as the rubber ball behind the large blue matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many purple things are tiny matte balls or big rubber things? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many other spheres are the same size as the purple ball? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Do the small block that is in front of the tiny yellow ball and the big yellow thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there a big metallic cylinder that is on the right side of the large blue object that is left of the big cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the other tiny thing that is the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What is the material of the yellow sphere that is the same size as the cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The yellow sphere is made of the same material as the cylinder.
There is a blue matte ball that is on the left side of the large blue rubber ball; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the metal object that is right of the tiny yellow metallic object and the blue sphere that is on the right side of the large yellow matte block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other yellow cylinders are the same material as the tiny yellow cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What color is the tiny matte cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: Green. What color is the blue cube? Blue. What color is the yellow cube? Yellow. What color is the red cube? Red. What color is the green cube? Green. What color is the gold cube? Gold. What color is the blue sphere? Blue. What color is the yellow sphere? Yellow. What color is the red sphere? Red. What color is the green sphere? Green. What color is the gold sphere? Gold.
Are there any matte objects to the left of the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the color of the small cylinder the same as the metal sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the small cylinder is different from the metal sphere.
How many cylinders have the same color as the big cube? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the size of the yellow matte block behind the big matte object that is right of the tiny red object? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
What shape is the tiny brown rubber object? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Is the material of the small brown object in front of the tiny brown shiny object the same as the gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the material of the small brown object in front of the tiny brown shiny object is the same as the gray cylinder.
There is a small rubber thing that is the same shape as the blue metallic thing; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: blue
There is a big thing behind the gray shiny ball; is its color the same as the big shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny brown rubber object; are there any small blue things right of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the color of the cylinder that is behind the big blue cylinder and on the left side of the gray rubber cylinder? Answer: blue. Output: gold
The metal thing that is the same color as the tiny rubber cube is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What size is the blue rubber cylinder behind the brown thing on the left side of the gray shiny thing? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
What number of blocks are tiny brown metallic objects or shiny things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny brown metallic objects or shiny things in the image.
The metal thing that is the same size as the blue block is what color? Answer: gray. Output: gold
The big thing in front of the small shiny thing that is on the left side of the big gray metal object is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is the number of big purple objects greater than the number of red objects? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the tiny object that is both behind the big red cube and right of the tiny metallic cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny object that is both behind the big red cube and right of the tiny metallic cylinder is made of plastic.
How many other objects are the same material as the big cyan block? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other objects that are the same material as the big cyan block.
How many small shiny cylinders have the same color as the rubber cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are two small shiny cylinders that have the same color as the rubber cube.
There is a rubber thing that is behind the purple matte object on the right side of the large red thing to the right of the gray matte cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many shiny things are either tiny gray cubes or large red balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are three shiny things in the image, two of which are tiny gray cubes and one of which is a large red ball.
There is a big brown rubber thing; is its shape the same as the shiny thing that is behind the tiny brown thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more purple matte objects that are in front of the large rubber sphere than red objects left of the tiny brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there any other thing of the same color as the tiny metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any shiny cubes that are in front of the large cube behind the large red metallic object on the right side of the big cyan cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are shiny cubes that are in front of the large cube behind the large red metallic object on the right side of the big cyan cube.
What shape is the big matte object that is on the left side of the small gray ball? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Do the red block and the matte object that is on the right side of the yellow metallic ball have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any red blocks made of the same material as the big yellow sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a red block made of the same material as the big yellow sphere.
What number of blocks are cyan shiny objects or green objects? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a small thing to the right of the matte cylinder; is there a small cube that is to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the number of large purple shiny blocks less than the number of large green cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of green rubber things have the same shape as the small gray matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of cyan things are tiny rubber balls or big metal things? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How big is the brown thing that is in front of the red object to the right of the green rubber object? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a brown object that is the same shape as the gray rubber object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
