Are there any other things that are the same shape as the big metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there a big brown object of the same shape as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the material of the big purple object? Answer: metal. Output: The big purple object is made of metal.
There is a small gray block; are there any spheres to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the purple thing the same shape as the large gray rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same size as the purple shiny object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
How many objects are either metal things behind the small green rubber cylinder or small green rubber objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are either metal things behind the small green rubber cylinder or small green rubber objects.
What is the color of the large shiny sphere? Answer: purple. Output: The large shiny sphere is purple.
What is the thing in front of the small metallic object made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The thing in front of the small metallic object is a cube.
Does the green rubber object have the same shape as the gray thing that is on the right side of the big purple object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many other objects are there of the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the small cylinder.
Are there more green objects than tiny rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a large green object on the left side of the small purple block; does it have the same shape as the purple rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer tiny shiny cubes than green metallic things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
What is the material of the other object that is the same size as the matte thing? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the other object that is the same size as the matte thing is plastic.
There is a cylinder; does it have the same color as the big metallic cube on the left side of the small metallic block? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer purple matte objects that are on the right side of the tiny purple matte object than large cyan cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many small matte things are there? Answer: 1. Output: 4
There is a object that is in front of the green metallic thing that is to the left of the tiny purple cube; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a small purple shiny block; how many large metallic blocks are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the size of the metal object that is the same color as the small metallic cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the metal object that is the same color as the small metallic cylinder is not specified in the image.
Does the large red rubber object have the same shape as the tiny red thing on the right side of the large cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many red objects have the same size as the red cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What number of red shiny cubes are to the right of the thing that is to the left of the red metal object that is behind the gray matte sphere? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is the number of big brown objects behind the tiny red shiny cylinder the same as the number of metallic blocks that are on the right side of the gray ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of big brown objects behind the tiny red shiny cylinder is the same as the number of metallic blocks that are on the right side of the gray ball.
How many small metallic things are the same shape as the big brown thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Is there a block that has the same material as the large brown cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a block that has the same material as the large brown cylinder.
There is a metal thing that is the same color as the metal cube; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What number of tiny objects are there? Answer: 3. Output: 4
How many cylinders are brown things or big gray rubber objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three cylinders in the image, two of which are brown and one is gray.
How many other objects are the same shape as the big blue metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Does the green object have the same size as the matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of yellow blocks to the left of the large matte ball greater than the number of big brown rubber spheres behind the big yellow object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many other things are there of the same size as the matte ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other things of the same size as the matte ball.
There is a cube behind the blue metallic sphere; is its color the same as the matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks. Yes, there are more large rubber spheres that are behind the big matte ball than large brown blocks.
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What shape is the object on the right side of the large block that is behind the small cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: square
Is the number of large blue shiny spheres greater than the number of red matte spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many large things are in front of the cyan object and behind the brown matte ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large things in front of the cyan object and behind the brown matte ball.
There is a cube on the left side of the brown object that is behind the red ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: 3x3x3
What size is the sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the sphere is not specified in the image.
What is the shape of the tiny metal object that is on the left side of the big brown metallic cube and on the right side of the red thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylindrical
There is another small thing that is the same shape as the small brown object; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What number of objects are either cylinders that are left of the big brown shiny block or objects that are left of the blue cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: three
The large brown thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of cylinders have the same material as the blue thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
The sphere is what color? Answer: red. Output: blue
What color is the ball that is the same size as the blue metallic cylinder? Answer: red. Output: red
Is there a shiny block of the same color as the small sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a shiny block of the same color as the small sphere.
What number of blue shiny cylinders have the same size as the cyan cube? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many cyan things are either small spheres or large matte things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three cyan things in the image, two of which are small spheres and one of which is a large matte object.
What is the shape of the large object right of the yellow thing that is to the right of the big yellow rubber thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What is the shape of the matte thing that is the same size as the yellow metallic thing? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
Is there a small matte thing of the same color as the rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there the same number of large brown cylinders that are in front of the big sphere and small blue cylinders in front of the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of large brown cylinders that are in front of the big sphere and small blue cylinders in front of the small cylinder.
There is a small yellow metallic thing; is it the same shape as the large yellow object in front of the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other things are the same material as the big yellow sphere? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a yellow rubber thing; are there any blue objects in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a matte sphere; is it the same size as the yellow ball behind the tiny metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the cylinder? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Do the yellow sphere and the metal object that is behind the metallic block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No
How many rubber things are either large cyan cylinders or purple things? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there any other things that have the same material as the large cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several other objects in the image that have the same material as the large cylinder. These objects include a smaller cylinder, a cube, and an egg.
There is a tiny block; is its color the same as the large thing that is in front of the tiny shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the yellow rubber object? Answer: sphere. Output: rectangular
There is a matte thing that is right of the tiny matte ball left of the shiny object that is behind the small brown metal thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the tiny blue rubber thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
Do the shiny object that is behind the tiny yellow ball and the big thing that is in front of the brown object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
How many balls are big purple objects or blue rubber things? Answer: 1. Output: There are two big purple objects and one blue rubber thing.
What number of purple things are made of the same material as the blue cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a gray shiny cube right of the large matte thing that is behind the brown metallic thing; are there any objects that are right of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a big blue object that is made of the same material as the purple cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the number of big matte cylinders greater than the number of big purple cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a large gray object; does it have the same shape as the large rubber object in front of the purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the big gray object? Answer: metal. Output: The big gray object is made of metal.
There is a small object to the left of the gray block right of the block on the left side of the blue rubber cylinder; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: purple
What material is the big thing that is the same shape as the small gray thing? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of red spheres are the same size as the blue rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many cubes are there? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many blue objects are the same size as the green metal object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two blue objects that are the same size as the green metal object.
The other object that is the same material as the small purple object is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of objects are tiny objects that are on the left side of the small cyan object or purple rubber things? Answer: 4. Output: three
Does the small purple object have the same material as the cylinder that is in front of the small purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there a cylinder that has the same material as the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many things are either matte objects behind the cyan object or small things that are behind the tiny purple rubber thing? Answer: 4. Output: There are three matte objects behind the cyan object, and two small things that are behind the tiny purple rubber thing.
There is a small green metal thing; does it have the same shape as the small thing in front of the tiny purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other things are the same shape as the gray object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many objects are small cyan rubber cylinders or rubber blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small cyan rubber cylinders or rubber blocks.
There is a tiny rubber object in front of the tiny cylinder that is on the right side of the cyan object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Are there any small objects of the same color as the cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no small objects of the same color as the cube.
What is the shape of the gray shiny object? Answer: cube. Output: The gray shiny object is a cube.
There is a small sphere on the right side of the red ball that is on the right side of the small gray metallic cube; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: purple
What size is the matte sphere right of the gray sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the matte sphere right of the gray sphere is small.
Are there any large cubes made of the same material as the large purple object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large cube made of the same material as the large purple object.
How many other small rubber objects are the same shape as the blue object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What shape is the small gray thing that is in front of the object that is to the left of the small ball that is behind the blue ball? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
There is a sphere that is left of the large blue thing and in front of the red rubber sphere; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is the size of the shiny object on the right side of the red rubber object the same as the tiny red matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other things that have the same size as the purple metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other objects have the same material as the gray thing? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Is the size of the gray object the same as the cube on the left side of the big gray metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal object in front of the metallic cube that is in front of the big block behind the tiny cube; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: The size of the metal object in front of the metallic cube that is in front of the big block behind the tiny cube is small.
Is the number of balls that are in front of the big brown matte object greater than the number of matte blocks that are on the left side of the red metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of balls that are in front of the big brown matte object is greater than the number of matte blocks that are on the left side of the red metallic sphere.
There is a large red shiny object in front of the big sphere; how many metallic things are right of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there any big metal spheres that have the same color as the tiny metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big metal spheres that have the same color as the tiny metallic thing.
Is the metallic ball the same size as the yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the color of the big metallic cylinder the same as the metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the big metallic cylinder is different from the metallic sphere.
There is a object that is left of the large metal thing that is in front of the brown matte cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What is the material of the other brown thing that is the same shape as the small shiny thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Do the tiny object behind the blue thing and the small metallic sphere have the same color? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the tiny object behind the blue thing and the small metallic sphere have the same color. No, the tiny object behind the blue thing and the small metallic sphere have different colors. Yes, the tiny object behind the blue thing and the small metallic sphere have different colors.
There is a object that is on the right side of the big red metal ball in front of the tiny blue metal object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of things are either red metallic balls right of the small brown cylinder or large red objects to the right of the brown cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the shape of the small blue thing that is the same material as the cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there is another tiny shiny ball that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball. Yes, there
What is the material of the large yellow object that is the same shape as the blue metallic object? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the large yellow object that is the same shape as the blue metallic object is plastic.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the yellow object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What is the yellow thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of metallic objects that are in front of the large yellow ball greater than the number of big gray metallic cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any blue metallic spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a blue metallic sphere in the group of metallic spheres.
Are there any other things that have the same material as the purple thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a brown object in front of the purple cylinder; is it the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many tiny brown shiny blocks are behind the large object in front of the big metallic thing behind the small yellow shiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny brown shiny blocks behind the large object in front of the big metallic thing behind the small yellow shiny thing.
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are either metal cubes or blue metallic objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metal cubes and one blue metallic object in the image.
There is a small yellow metal object; is it the same shape as the big metallic thing that is on the left side of the brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the large brown shiny thing that is left of the tiny metallic cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Does the big brown metal object have the same shape as the purple object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the purple rubber thing that is the same shape as the tiny yellow thing? Answer: small. Output: small
Does the brown metal object that is to the left of the brown block have the same size as the metallic block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a shiny sphere that is the same color as the tiny cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of gray things are to the left of the shiny ball that is behind the sphere left of the yellow sphere? Answer: 3. Output: 2
Do the tiny gray object that is in front of the tiny matte block and the gray thing behind the brown thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are gray matte balls or tiny objects? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What material is the gray thing behind the sphere that is to the right of the cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any metal objects that have the same color as the cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two metal objects that have the same color as the cylinder.
What is the color of the cube that is the same size as the gray shiny ball? Answer: brown. Output: The color of the cube that is the same size as the gray shiny ball is silver.
There is a sphere on the left side of the small gray object that is left of the rubber object in front of the big metal object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Do the small matte cylinder and the tiny cube on the right side of the big metal thing have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are either small matte things that are in front of the brown rubber block or gray matte cubes that are on the left side of the small gray matte cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are two small matte things that are in front of the brown rubber block, and there are three gray matte cubes that are on the left side of the small gray matte cylinder.
There is a brown shiny thing; is it the same shape as the large rubber thing that is behind the metal block? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the cylinder behind the rubber cylinder that is to the left of the large metallic thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the cylinder behind the rubber cylinder that is to the left of the large metallic thing is plastic.
Is the number of balls that are in front of the small cylinder the same as the number of spheres? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the large cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another object that is the same material as the large cylinder. There is another object that is the same material as the large cylinder.
Is the color of the tiny matte thing right of the gray rubber cube the same as the rubber object on the right side of the tiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are left of the big brown metal thing and in front of the small ball? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects left of the big brown metal thing and in front of the small ball.
How many other things are there of the same shape as the big shiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the number of tiny green objects to the right of the cyan matte cylinder greater than the number of shiny things? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a large object in front of the metal ball; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: The large object in front of the metal ball is green.
What is the size of the thing that is the same color as the small sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the thing that is the same color as the small sphere is quite large.
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the blue shiny object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three other objects that have the same shape as the blue shiny object.
Do the small matte block and the big sphere in front of the small blue block have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a blue thing to the right of the large purple metallic cube; are there any purple metal blocks that are behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a blue thing in front of the brown cube; does it have the same size as the small matte cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the purple metal object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the purple metal object is not specified.
Is there a thing that has the same color as the metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many small things are either blue rubber objects or cyan balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small things that are either blue rubber objects or cyan balls.
There is a object that is both to the right of the big purple metal block and in front of the large brown metallic thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: The object that is both to the right of the big purple metal block and in front of the large brown metallic thing is about the size of a basketball.
There is a purple object; what number of blue metal things are right of it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The thing that is behind the red shiny cube and in front of the large purple thing has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of other objects are the same shape as the big cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a small gray thing that is the same material as the cube; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are any red rubber cylinders visible? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the number of matte objects to the left of the small rubber object less than the number of big objects that are right of the big cyan rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the shape of the small metal object that is on the left side of the tiny red matte thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Do the large cylinder and the blue object have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the green object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other objects that are made of the same material as the green object. The green object is made of metal, while the other objects are made of plastic.
There is a big thing that is the same shape as the small blue shiny object; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is the number of big matte things to the left of the cyan object less than the number of cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many small metallic cylinders are behind the cyan cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small metallic cylinders behind the cyan cylinder.
Is the shape of the small purple matte thing the same as the large brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are either blue spheres or tiny balls that are on the left side of the purple thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Is the size of the purple sphere in front of the green thing the same as the metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a tiny shiny thing that is to the right of the tiny thing that is in front of the large brown rubber object; how many cyan things are left of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of blue objects are big cubes or small things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the color of the tiny sphere that is the same material as the tiny cyan block? Answer: blue. Output: Purple
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the brown sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How many tiny objects are either purple spheres or blue spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny objects that are either purple spheres or blue spheres.
Is the number of blocks less than the number of tiny matte spheres? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the other shiny object that is the same shape as the green thing? Answer: blue. Output: purple
What is the big thing that is behind the large red shiny sphere made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The big thing behind the large red shiny sphere is a cube.
There is a ball that is both in front of the large green sphere and on the right side of the tiny metal object; what material is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a thing that is behind the red sphere; is it the same size as the small gray object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a rubber thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
What number of other big green rubber objects have the same shape as the large green thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many big things are both behind the yellow block and right of the matte object? Answer: 1. Output: 2
The tiny object has what color? Answer: gray. Output: The tiny object has a green color.
Is there a tiny blue cylinder made of the same material as the small object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a tiny blue cylinder made of the same material as the small object.
There is a yellow object that is right of the yellow metal thing left of the rubber thing; is there a green matte sphere that is right of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a yellow metal cube; are there any metal spheres on the right side of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a yellow cube that is the same material as the red ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there more large metallic balls that are in front of the red sphere than large rubber things in front of the tiny blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large metallic balls in front of the red sphere than large rubber things in front of the tiny blue cylinder.
Is there a big red shiny object of the same shape as the big yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big red shiny object of the same shape as the big yellow object.
There is a metal object that is behind the shiny cube; is it the same size as the tiny blue matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any large gray things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
What number of things are either matte objects on the left side of the tiny gray cylinder or small brown objects? Answer: 2. Output: three
Do the large cube and the big cylinder that is on the right side of the small blue rubber object have the same color? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a ball of the same size as the yellow shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a ball of the same size as the yellow shiny object.
The small object to the right of the shiny thing that is left of the large shiny cube is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many matte objects are the same color as the big matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the metal cylinder and the tiny matte thing have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber thing that is the same color as the metallic cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Does the large rubber cylinder have the same color as the tiny ball on the right side of the small brown object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the tiny object behind the metal cylinder and the small brown shiny object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
The other purple rubber object that is the same shape as the small rubber thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the shape of the tiny green rubber object the same as the large object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a matte cylinder left of the green cylinder in front of the green metallic cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the color of the other tiny object that is the same shape as the purple metal object? Answer: brown. Output: The other tiny object that is the same shape as the purple metal object is green.
How many small rubber cylinders are the same color as the small rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small rubber cylinders that are the same color as the small rubber thing.
What is the size of the brown ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the brown ball is not specified in the image.
Does the small ball that is right of the large ball have the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the shape of the big matte object behind the tiny brown cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: The big matte object behind the tiny brown cylinder is a sphere.
What is the material of the brown thing that is the same size as the brown cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many things are matte objects that are behind the large matte ball or balls to the right of the tiny cyan ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three matte objects that are behind the large matte ball or balls to the right of the tiny cyan ball.
What size is the cylinder that is the same material as the large yellow sphere? Answer: small. Output: The cylinder is about the same size as the large yellow sphere.
What number of shiny objects are either brown spheres or large brown things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three shiny objects that are either brown spheres or large brown things.
The cyan metal sphere is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
Do the brown matte cylinder and the brown rubber sphere have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a ball that is on the right side of the large matte sphere; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a tiny yellow thing that is the same shape as the large yellow rubber object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
There is a ball that is the same material as the green cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many rubber objects are either tiny gray cubes or small brown balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are two rubber objects on the table, one is a tiny gray cube and the other is a small brown ball.
How big is the blue rubber cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
Is the size of the brown sphere the same as the purple metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What material is the thing that is on the right side of the purple cube? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a tiny thing that is the same shape as the large gray shiny object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there a green matte cylinder that is behind the large cylinder behind the brown rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the gray shiny object have the same shape as the large rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big gray thing that is made of the same material as the block; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Does the matte thing that is in front of the tiny cylinder have the same size as the metallic thing left of the green matte object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the thing that is left of the brown metallic thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum.
What is the size of the green thing that is behind the small metallic cylinder that is right of the metallic cylinder behind the tiny brown cylinder? Answer: large. Output: small
Are the small cylinder behind the big green cylinder and the big object that is left of the large green rubber thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small cylinder behind the big green cylinder and the big object that is left of the large green rubber thing are made of the same material.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the small rubber block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How many things are objects behind the gray rubber thing or tiny metallic things that are in front of the yellow metallic thing? Answer: 4. Output: There are three objects behind the gray rubber thing or tiny metallic things that are in front of the yellow metallic thing.
There is a shiny cylinder in front of the large matte cylinder that is on the right side of the gray rubber block; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
The cyan cylinder is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
What number of other things are there of the same material as the tiny brown thing Answer: 1. Output: ? 3
Is there a large purple cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the small cylinder that is left of the small brown metal cylinder made of the same material as the block? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a tiny sphere that is the same color as the metallic cube; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a tiny matte thing that is the same color as the cube; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
Are there an equal number of metal blocks that are left of the large metal block and small yellow rubber cubes? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of metal blocks that are left of the large metal block and small yellow rubber cubes.
What material is the cyan object on the left side of the thing that is behind the small ball that is behind the cyan shiny cube? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
The big object that is the same material as the big block is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there anything else that is the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a red cylinder in front of the red thing behind the small cyan matte thing; what number of red metallic cylinders are on the right side of it? Answer: 1. Output: two
How many purple things are blocks or objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are two purple things in the picture, one is a cube and the other is a sphere.
There is a cyan sphere; is it the same size as the shiny cylinder that is on the left side of the small cyan ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other objects are the same size as the rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects that are the same size as the rubber object.
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the small cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another shiny object that is the same shape as the small yellow thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are the large cube to the left of the big brown shiny cube and the large thing behind the gray object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the large cube to the left of the big brown shiny cube and the large thing behind the gray object are made of the same material.
Is the number of gray objects on the right side of the gray shiny thing less than the number of gray cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The other tiny object that is the same shape as the small yellow object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: blue
There is a yellow metal thing behind the rubber object; is it the same size as the big yellow block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a yellow thing behind the metallic cube in front of the tiny cyan matte cube; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are the large yellow thing and the block that is behind the tiny rubber block made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the large yellow thing and the block that is behind the tiny rubber block are made of the same material. They are both cubes.
Are there fewer metallic objects to the right of the small gray thing than large yellow blocks to the right of the brown metal cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is another object that is the same size as the cyan thing; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: green
There is a block; what number of small cyan things are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there any other green objects made of the same material as the tiny green object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another green object made of the same material as the tiny green object.
The big thing that is the same color as the small metallic sphere is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
What is the color of the matte object left of the rubber cylinder? Answer: brown. Output: The matte object left of the rubber cylinder is red.
Is the number of green matte spheres that are to the left of the tiny rubber cylinder the same as the number of cubes in front of the big metal object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the number of green matte spheres that are to the left of the tiny rubber cylinder is different from the number of cubes in front of the big metal object.
There is a green ball in front of the large thing that is to the right of the large shiny block; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of objects are tiny cyan matte balls or balls that are left of the cyan object? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a green object that is the same material as the big red block; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of metallic blocks behind the tiny rubber thing greater than the number of big red cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a rubber thing that is the same shape as the big red shiny object; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Do the purple cylinder and the green metallic cylinder have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the number of purple matte balls that are on the right side of the tiny object the same as the number of big red metal things? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a large matte object that is behind the cylinder that is behind the green object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large matte object that is behind the cylinder that is behind the green object.
There is a purple object behind the thing that is in front of the purple object right of the purple matte cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
The purple object behind the rubber object in front of the small object is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic.
Are there any other shiny objects that have the same shape as the gray metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other shiny objects that have the same shape as the gray metal object. In the image, there are three other shiny objects that have the same cylindrical shape as the gray metal object.
The gray shiny thing is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
The cylinder that is to the right of the thing behind the metallic thing on the left side of the gray cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: aluminum
Are there more cylinders right of the large red shiny thing than gray rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the rubber object that is the same color as the large shiny object? Answer: large. Output: The rubber object is the same size as the large shiny object.
There is a gray rubber object; is its shape the same as the small shiny object that is left of the small cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any cyan shiny spheres to the right of the tiny metallic sphere behind the object that is in front of the big yellow cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a cyan shiny sphere to the right of the tiny metallic sphere behind the object that is in front of the big yellow cube.
What size is the cyan object that is on the right side of the small gray shiny object? Answer: small. Output: The cyan object that is on the right side of the small gray shiny object is about the size of a ping pong ball.
What is the material of the block that is the same size as the gray rubber sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the block that is the same size as the gray rubber sphere is plastic.
Does the cyan object have the same shape as the small gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many things are gray rubber balls or spheres that are in front of the tiny gray ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three gray rubber balls or spheres in front of the tiny gray ball.
There is a tiny object that is the same color as the rubber ball; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a matte thing on the left side of the yellow object; does it have the same size as the large metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many metallic spheres are in front of the big ball that is to the left of the tiny thing that is in front of the tiny gray metal ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are two metallic spheres in front of the big ball that is to the left of the tiny thing that is in front of the tiny gray metal ball.
How big is the blue metallic cube? Answer: large. Output: The blue metallic cube is about the size of a basketball.
What size is the block to the left of the shiny block? Answer: small. Output: The size of the block to the left of the shiny block is not specified.
Do the blue cube that is on the right side of the metallic thing and the big block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same color as the cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The gray object has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
How many objects are both behind the big red object and in front of the tiny blue object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two objects that are both behind the big red object and in front of the tiny blue object.
What is the material of the large object that is the same shape as the tiny green rubber object? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there any other things that are the same material as the green cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are three other cubes that are the same material as the green cube.
Are there the same number of rubber cylinders that are in front of the rubber sphere and metallic things that are behind the tiny blue object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of rubber cylinders that are in front of the rubber sphere and metallic things that are behind the tiny blue object.
Are the green block and the large cube made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the green block and the large cube are made of different materials.
Is there a cylinder made of the same material as the tiny yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of green rubber objects greater than the number of blocks? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the tiny cylinder have the same material as the tiny red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many shiny objects are either balls or cyan spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are two shiny objects that are either balls or cyan spheres.
The metal object that is the same size as the metal ball is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: blue.
How many big green rubber things have the same shape as the large cyan rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: one
What number of blocks are either blue matte things or shiny objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is the shape of the big matte object to the right of the cyan cube the same as the big thing that is to the left of the small blue matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the yellow object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The yellow object is made of plastic.
What number of cyan objects have the same size as the yellow thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How many other things are the same color as the tiny matte ball? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What shape is the object that is on the right side of the block behind the tiny blue block? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the gray object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of rubber blocks that are right of the small block greater than the number of gray spheres? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of cubes are in front of the small thing that is on the left side of the small block? Answer: 1. Output: 2
There is a rubber object that is behind the big matte object that is on the right side of the cube behind the red thing; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What size is the blue block? Answer: small. Output: The blue block is about the size of a softball.
Is there a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there is a large thing that has the same material as the tiny blue cube. Yes, there
What size is the green object that is the same shape as the red thing? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there the same number of tiny rubber balls in front of the metallic sphere and blue metallic cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: No
The matte thing that is left of the tiny purple sphere and on the right side of the tiny cyan rubber object is what color? Answer: red. Output: red
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the purple metal object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same shape as the purple metal object.
Are there fewer tiny cyan matte objects that are right of the cyan ball than purple matte objects that are to the left of the purple shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the brown object have the same material as the big thing that is on the right side of the big brown sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there anything else that is made of the same material as the tiny purple sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the number of tiny purple rubber things greater than the number of blue matte spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a shiny thing in front of the tiny rubber object right of the sphere that is in front of the large brown shiny sphere; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: The shiny thing in front of the tiny rubber object right of the sphere that is in front of the large brown shiny sphere is an egg.
Do the sphere to the right of the tiny cyan ball and the purple object that is on the left side of the tiny cyan thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the shape of the purple object that is made of the same material as the large ball? Answer: cylinder. Output: The purple object that is made of the same material as the large ball is a sphere.
Is there any other thing of the same color as the big metal ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the big cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The big metal object that is behind the small metal block in front of the red block that is to the left of the blue metallic sphere is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
There is a large brown shiny thing on the right side of the large sphere; does it have the same shape as the tiny red object that is to the left of the large brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any tiny red things made of the same material as the large blue object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no tiny red things made of the same material as the large blue object.
The small metal block to the left of the tiny red shiny cube that is right of the red metal thing left of the sphere is what color? Answer: red. Output: blue
Does the tiny thing that is on the right side of the blue object have the same material as the thing that is behind the large matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The thing behind the big cylinder has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
What number of things are cyan things or things that are behind the brown metal cube? Answer: 4. Output: 1
Is the large brown block made of the same material as the large blue sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, the large brown block is made of a different material than the large blue sphere.
Are there the same number of blue metal spheres to the left of the big sphere and small red metal cubes left of the large cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of blue metal spheres to the left of the big sphere and small red metal cubes left of the large cyan object.
Does the rubber block have the same color as the object on the left side of the matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the thing that is to the left of the gray thing and in front of the yellow cylinder? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What number of big cubes are behind the cube in front of the large matte object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big cubes behind the cube in front of the large matte object.
Is there a brown object of the same shape as the large gray object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a brown object of the same shape as the large gray object.
Does the large metallic thing that is behind the big green object have the same shape as the thing left of the tiny rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are either tiny brown blocks or cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are four tiny brown blocks or cylinders in the image.
What size is the gray thing that is the same shape as the green thing? Answer: large. Output: smaller
Is the number of yellow matte objects left of the big gray metallic thing greater than the number of tiny red matte objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are the blue object and the yellow cylinder made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the blue object and the yellow cylinder are made of different materials.
What number of things are metallic cubes that are behind the matte block or big green blocks that are right of the yellow matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: four
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a small ball that is right of the big gray object; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: blue
Is there a rubber cylinder that has the same size as the blue shiny object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a rubber cylinder that has the same size as the blue shiny object.
There is a gray thing that is the same size as the brown matte cylinder; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of objects are either big objects that are in front of the large cube or objects that are behind the tiny blue ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either big objects that are in front of the large cube or objects that are behind the tiny blue ball.
Is there a purple metallic object of the same shape as the big red object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple metallic object of the same shape as the big red object.
There is a cube that is the same color as the small rubber thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
How many metallic objects are small green balls or large brown things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three metallic objects in the image: two small green balls and one large brown thing.
The gray metallic object has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of cylinders have the same material as the red ball? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Does the object left of the yellow shiny sphere have the same material as the tiny green ball that is right of the big metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big cyan objects have the same shape as the green matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
How many things are either big blue shiny objects or big objects that are in front of the gray matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big objects that are either big blue shiny objects or big objects that are in front of the gray matte thing.
What is the material of the gray sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The gray sphere is made of plastic.
What material is the small green object that is the same shape as the big yellow thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What color is the small rubber thing that is in front of the rubber object that is left of the tiny green ball? Answer: green. Output: green
How many metal things are either small red cubes or tiny balls? Answer: 0. Output: There are three metal things that are either small red cubes or tiny balls.
Do the green sphere and the large yellow thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a big cyan thing behind the big thing on the left side of the big yellow metallic thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of big things are brown shiny things or gray matte objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big things in the image, two of which are brown shiny objects and one of which is a gray matte object.
How many blue cylinders have the same size as the gray sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of objects are in front of the small sphere right of the large sphere that is in front of the small blue shiny thing? Answer: 4. Output: three
What number of things are behind the big red rubber object and on the right side of the tiny cyan ball? Answer: 1. Output: three
What number of rubber things are either red cylinders or tiny gray things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What is the material of the object that is to the left of the tiny metallic ball left of the tiny shiny thing that is behind the small blue metal ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The object that is to the left of the tiny metallic ball left of the tiny shiny thing that is behind the small blue metal ball is made of plastic.
What is the material of the large thing in front of the big matte object behind the brown matte sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The large thing in front of the big matte object behind the brown matte sphere is made of metal.
Does the shiny thing behind the tiny blue sphere have the same size as the sphere that is in front of the red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of tiny things are either gray spheres or cyan metallic objects? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many things are balls that are in front of the small matte sphere or rubber cylinders? Answer: 4. Output: There are three balls that are in front of the small matte sphere or rubber cylinders.
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the tiny cyan thing? Answer: 3. Output: 1
What is the shape of the big green object? Answer: cube. Output: The big green object is a cube.
There is a shiny object that is behind the metallic object that is on the right side of the metallic cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many things are either small red metallic cylinders or big brown balls? Answer: 2. Output: There are two small red metallic cylinders and one big brown ball.
Is the large brown thing the same shape as the red object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any yellow objects made of the same material as the large sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no yellow objects made of the same material as the large sphere.
There is a tiny shiny thing in front of the brown ball; are there any big brown shiny things behind it? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is to the right of the cylinder; is it the same size as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the red thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the red thing is not specified in the image.
Are there any matte things of the same color as the small metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no matte things of the same color as the small metal cube.
What number of small objects are either brown shiny cylinders or green cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 4
What is the size of the purple thing that is the same shape as the gray thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
What is the size of the cylinder to the left of the small gray object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cylinder to the left of the small gray object is quite large.
The shiny thing that is the same color as the shiny cube is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a matte block that is the same size as the cyan ball; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
How many other things are the same shape as the big purple object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a cyan matte object; is it the same size as the rubber object that is on the left side of the small rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are either large purple metal cylinders or small purple metallic blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are two large purple metal cylinders and one small purple metallic block.
What number of other objects are the same size as the ball? Answer: 3. Output: 0
There is a metal cube; does it have the same color as the block that is right of the big metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many spheres are large blue things or big objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two large blue things or big objects in the image.
There is a thing that is the same color as the rubber cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the shape of the large matte object the same as the tiny blue object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What material is the other blue thing that is the same shape as the rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the shape of the cyan metallic thing the same as the big thing in front of the cyan metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the metal block left of the large cyan object have the same color as the large matte cylinder that is to the right of the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the rubber object that is the same color as the small block? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How many metallic objects are both behind the red rubber thing and in front of the red cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two metallic objects behind the red rubber thing and in front of the red cylinder.
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the small blue metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other things that have the same shape as the small blue metallic thing. The small blue metallic thing is a cube.
How many other things are there of the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a shiny cylinder that is right of the blue shiny object; is its size the same as the cylinder that is on the left side of the large green ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the gray ball and the big gray cylinder have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the gray ball and the big gray cylinder have different materials.
The cyan thing behind the matte thing on the right side of the big thing in front of the tiny purple object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the number of cyan objects to the left of the big gray sphere less than the number of small cyan spheres that are to the right of the metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What shape is the object left of the cyan matte object that is to the left of the small purple shiny thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the small metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the large matte cylinder have the same color as the matte ball? Answer: no. Output: no
How many small spheres are behind the thing that is in front of the big matte cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small spheres behind the thing that is in front of the big matte cylinder.
How many other things are the same size as the cyan metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things that are the same size as the cyan metallic thing.
What number of objects are either big purple rubber blocks or large balls that are to the right of the small purple shiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is the number of large gray rubber cylinders less than the number of big purple shiny cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there fewer purple things to the right of the tiny rubber object than big metallic cylinders that are in front of the large purple shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Do the large brown object and the purple metal object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: No, they do not have the same shape. The large brown object is a sphere, while the purple metal object is a cylinder.
What number of other things are the same size as the shiny cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 0
How many things are either rubber things that are in front of the gray metallic block or balls that are left of the large sphere? Answer: 2. Output: There are two rubber things that are in front of the gray metallic block, and there is one ball that is left of the large sphere.
What number of other tiny metal objects have the same shape as the purple metal object? Answer: 0. Output: one
What is the material of the thing that is both left of the cube and to the right of the brown rubber sphere? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a gray shiny thing; what number of tiny gray shiny things are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of green cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Do the brown thing and the red matte cylinder have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber thing that is right of the big rubber thing that is in front of the tiny matte object; are there any large rubber cylinders that are behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other objects are there of the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the small cylinder.
Is the number of large purple objects in front of the green shiny thing greater than the number of purple cylinders right of the purple object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a brown cylinder in front of the yellow metal thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the tiny brown thing the same shape as the large rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other things that have the same color as the tiny shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the color of the other matte object that is the same shape as the large brown thing? Answer: purple. Output: The other matte object that is the same shape as the large brown thing is green.
Is the number of large green metallic spheres that are behind the purple thing greater than the number of big cyan things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The large metallic cylinder that is in front of the large brown cylinder is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: The large metallic cylinder that is in front of the large brown cylinder is gold.
What shape is the other thing that is the same color as the tiny thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Are there more cylinders than big shiny cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the big yellow thing have the same shape as the big object that is behind the large gray thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more large rubber cylinders than large gray spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more large rubber cylinders than large gray spheres. Yes, there are more large rubber cylinders than large gray spheres.
Is the shape of the large gray thing the same as the yellow matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the large blue object that is behind the big rubber object in front of the purple cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The large blue object behind the big rubber object in front of the purple cylinder is made of metal.
Is the size of the red shiny thing the same as the purple metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a thing that is left of the matte cylinder; are there any large shiny objects behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a rubber object in front of the gray cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
How many large gray blocks are behind the large object that is in front of the big cylinder in front of the large gray rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large gray blocks behind the large object that is in front of the big cylinder in front of the large gray rubber object.
What is the size of the cylinder that is in front of the large matte object right of the yellow cube? Answer: large. Output: small
How many gray objects have the same material as the purple cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the material of the sphere that is the same color as the small matte cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the sphere that is the same color as the small matte cylinder is plastic.
There is a green cylinder that is right of the rubber sphere behind the small ball; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
The red object that is the same size as the gray cylinder is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
The gray thing left of the shiny cylinder that is right of the sphere that is on the right side of the red matte sphere is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Does the matte sphere behind the red ball have the same color as the small rubber thing that is right of the small red sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many big things are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a large matte sphere; are there any tiny shiny objects to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are the gray object that is on the right side of the big gray matte ball and the small cylinder in front of the small gray rubber thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the gray object on the right side of the big gray matte ball and the small cylinder in front of the small gray rubber thing are made of different materials.
Are there fewer red objects that are on the right side of the red matte sphere than small cyan matte things? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a matte thing on the right side of the large sphere; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: green
What is the big cylinder left of the big green thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are the large cylinder that is on the right side of the big metal cube and the big green block made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, they are made of different materials. The large cylinder on the right side of the big metal cube is made of metal, while the big green block is made of plastic.
Are there any brown rubber objects? Answer: no. Output: No
What color is the tiny thing that is the same material as the large green cube? Answer: blue. Output: The tiny thing that is the same material as the large green cube is red.
The cylinder that is on the left side of the thing behind the big cylinder that is behind the tiny red sphere is what color? Answer: purple. Output: green
Do the green cube and the matte object behind the small red matte ball have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are objects that are on the right side of the tiny metal object or big matte things that are in front of the red matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are on the right side of the tiny metal object or big matte things that are in front of the red matte object.
The red matte object that is the same size as the blue shiny object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
There is a blue thing that is behind the blue cylinder in front of the rubber cylinder left of the tiny metal thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is the number of big cylinders in front of the red rubber sphere the same as the number of green blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big metal things are in front of the red metallic thing and right of the blue ball? Answer: 0. Output: two
What material is the small cyan object that is the same shape as the large brown matte object? Answer: rubber. Output: Aluminum
What size is the matte cylinder that is in front of the tiny object to the right of the cube? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
Is there a green cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the material of the object that is both in front of the big blue shiny ball and behind the small yellow thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The object that is both in front of the big blue shiny ball and behind the small yellow thing is made of metal.
Is the number of large spheres that are to the right of the tiny rubber cylinder greater than the number of tiny cyan rubber objects that are behind the red metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is there another metal cube that has the same size as the cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube. Yes, there is another metal cube that has the same size as the cube
There is a object on the right side of the rubber thing in front of the shiny object left of the yellow object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
The small matte object is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: The small matte object is gold.
Is the number of red shiny things that are in front of the brown rubber cylinder greater than the number of tiny cyan rubber cylinders? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a sphere left of the small brown cylinder; does it have the same color as the matte object that is in front of the metallic ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a yellow object that is the same size as the rubber cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there a cyan metal thing that has the same shape as the big brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the material of the brown ball on the left side of the small brown cylinder the same as the big thing on the left side of the metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny object that is the same color as the big matte thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What number of tiny cyan things are made of the same material as the brown sphere? Answer: 0. Output: one
What color is the metallic block? Answer: purple. Output: The metallic block is purple.
There is a small thing behind the large metallic block; is it the same shape as the metallic thing to the left of the tiny yellow shiny object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metal object behind the purple block; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple.
Are there fewer small yellow metallic cylinders that are in front of the large ball than small cylinders in front of the purple metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are fewer small yellow metallic cylinders that are in front of the large ball than small cylinders in front of the purple metallic block.
There is another ball that is the same color as the small matte ball; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there anything else of the same color as the rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a yellow sphere that is in front of the blue block; is its size the same as the yellow thing behind the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there an equal number of matte balls right of the small yellow matte ball and small spheres behind the small blue block? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there a thing behind the tiny yellow ball to the left of the small green sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a yellow metal thing of the same shape as the green object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a sphere on the left side of the small yellow ball that is left of the tiny green thing; what number of tiny blue blocks are right of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a matte sphere; is it the same color as the metallic sphere right of the tiny green sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are either yellow balls that are to the right of the tiny yellow matte object or tiny shiny objects that are left of the small metallic cube? Answer: 3. Output: three
Is the number of tiny yellow matte things that are right of the tiny yellow metallic thing greater than the number of balls in front of the green shiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny object that is in front of the large matte block that is in front of the tiny gray ball; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is the material of the cube behind the large yellow thing the same as the tiny gray ball? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the number of purple things in front of the large yellow block the same as the number of small objects behind the green matte block? Answer: no. Output: no
How many large yellow things are behind the tiny thing that is in front of the tiny gray ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large yellow things behind the tiny thing that is in front of the tiny gray ball.
What is the material of the cube that is the same size as the purple thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a big matte object to the left of the tiny object in front of the rubber object that is to the right of the large purple matte block; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
The rubber thing that is the same size as the ball is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a big rubber cube left of the big yellow rubber block that is to the right of the tiny block; what number of big rubber blocks are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Are there more small things that are on the left side of the purple matte thing than tiny green matte blocks that are in front of the tiny green cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other large rubber objects are the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
The big cylinder to the right of the large rubber cylinder that is in front of the yellow matte object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum.
There is a green object that is the same size as the yellow rubber thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there a yellow matte cylinder of the same size as the green object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a yellow matte cylinder of the same size as the green object.
There is a tiny object that is in front of the blue metallic cube; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: green
Are there any big cylinders on the left side of the object that is in front of the green metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are big cylinders on the left side of the object that is in front of the green metallic thing.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the cyan matte object in front of the large green shiny object and the metallic object that is on the right side of the blue shiny block have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the cyan matte object in front of the large green shiny object and the metallic object that is on the right side of the blue shiny block have the same size.
What size is the cyan rubber thing that is right of the large matte object to the right of the yellow rubber thing? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a cylinder that is both to the right of the big cyan object and behind the green shiny object; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What color is the small metal block? Answer: blue. Output: The small metal block is green.
Does the red cube have the same material as the yellow thing in front of the red object? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of red objects are made of the same material as the tiny yellow object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a yellow thing that is behind the big yellow metallic cube; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Do the brown thing that is left of the large metallic object and the tiny yellow thing behind the big brown thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any tiny brown things of the same shape as the large metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no tiny brown things of the same shape as the large metallic thing.
What number of objects are either yellow cubes that are in front of the big red matte block or large yellow blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three yellow cubes that are in front of the big red matte block.
Is the number of yellow rubber cylinders in front of the large yellow metal cube greater than the number of large matte blocks that are to the left of the small yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many matte objects are either big red objects or big cubes? Answer: 2. Output: There are three matte objects that are either big red objects or big cubes.
What is the material of the tiny cylinder that is the same color as the large metal cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the tiny cylinder that is the same color as the large metal cube is plastic.
Are there fewer big red cubes that are behind the big brown cube than yellow shiny things that are in front of the tiny brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is another green thing that is the same shape as the small rubber object; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many blue balls are the same size as the green rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What size is the brown thing that is the same material as the green cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other large blue metallic objects have the same shape as the big blue metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: One
How many small brown metallic cylinders are there? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small brown metallic cylinders.
Is the shape of the big thing behind the small blue sphere the same as  the large matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cylinder that is the same size as the blue block; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is there a brown thing that has the same material as the large blue object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a brown thing that has the same material as the large blue object.
Do the brown rubber thing and the shiny thing in front of the brown shiny cylinder have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of tiny brown cylinders are both on the right side of the tiny blue metallic ball and left of the large metallic thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
Is there a metal cube that is to the right of the tiny thing that is in front of the large yellow shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a metal cube that is to the right of the tiny thing that is in front of the large yellow shiny cube.
What color is the shiny thing that is the same size as the yellow metal cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: The shiny thing that is the same size as the yellow metal cylinder is green.
What number of things are tiny cyan cubes or yellow metal things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What size is the metal cube to the left of the purple ball that is behind the large yellow shiny thing in front of the big cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the metal cube to the left of the purple ball that is behind the large yellow shiny thing in front of the big cylinder is 10 centimeters.
What number of things have the same color as the shiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of purple things have the same material as the tiny cyan sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of objects are large purple rubber things or large yellow metallic things that are behind the tiny purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a tiny metallic sphere behind the shiny cube to the left of the metal block behind the purple metal ball; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: gold
What is the size of the yellow metallic cylinder left of the tiny cyan shiny sphere? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
What number of big things are red shiny things or purple metallic cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Are there fewer blue shiny things than yellow matte cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
What material is the sphere that is to the left of the small rubber block? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
There is another block that is the same size as the green rubber block; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What is the material of the large ball left of the rubber block behind the blue shiny object that is in front of the small purple block? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
There is a metal ball left of the purple cube; is its size the same as the tiny purple cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more big blue objects than large cyan matte spheres? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many big things are either red metal balls or purple matte blocks? Answer: 0. Output: There are three big things that are either red metal balls or purple matte blocks.
What number of big cyan objects are the same material as the big green thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the color of the sphere to the right of the small rubber cube the same as the big matte block? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of red things are either matte blocks or big shiny blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many things are gray cylinders or shiny things that are behind the blue metallic thing? Answer: 4. Output: There are three gray cylinders or shiny things behind the blue metallic thing.
The big thing that is the same color as the large shiny sphere is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What color is the big thing that is left of the small cyan metal cube? Answer: green. Output: silver
What number of things are either green cubes in front of the big gray cylinder or small cyan blocks? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a metal block that is the same size as the gray metal thing; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: silver
Are there more blue metal objects behind the large green ball than metallic balls? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more blue metal objects behind the large green ball than metallic balls.
What is the object that is both right of the green sphere and behind the green shiny ball made of? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
There is a small object right of the cyan thing; is it the same color as the big thing left of the small cyan metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other objects are the same size as the metallic cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects that are the same size as the metallic cylinder.
Are there any large cubes that are behind the large green object that is on the left side of the small object that is to the left of the small blue shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large cube behind the large green object that is on the left side of the small object that is to the left of the small blue shiny thing.
What is the color of the metal object that is in front of the large blue shiny object and to the left of the tiny shiny block? Answer: purple. Output: The metal object that is in front of the large blue shiny object and to the left of the tiny shiny block is purple.
There is a purple thing on the left side of the small cylinder; does it have the same shape as the large metallic thing that is to the right of the small red metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the tiny cylinder that is on the left side of the small cyan object made of? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
The metal cylinder that is the same color as the sphere is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches.
How many things are small metallic things to the left of the tiny ball or purple cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: three
Are there an equal number of large metallic cylinders that are to the right of the tiny red metal cylinder and tiny cyan objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of large metallic cylinders that are to the right of the tiny red metal cylinder and tiny cyan objects.
Does the blue shiny object have the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the cylinder that is the same size as the metallic cube? Answer: red. Output: The cylinder that is the same size as the metallic cube is purple.
There is a red object; is it the same size as the purple shiny thing right of the small cyan metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things have the same color as the tiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: 3
There is another block that is the same color as the tiny cube; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there more metallic spheres that are on the right side of the red rubber cube than purple things? Answer: no. Output: no
The cylinder that is the same size as the ball is what color? Answer: purple. Output: blue
How many objects are matte cubes on the left side of the red matte thing or metallic things? Answer: 3. Output: There are three matte cubes on the left side of the red matte thing or metallic things.
The other rubber thing that is the same color as the tiny object is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What material is the yellow thing right of the object that is behind the cyan object? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any purple cylinders made of the same material as the big red thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Are there any rubber cubes in front of the yellow matte cube that is in front of the small yellow block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are rubber cubes in front of the yellow matte cube that is in front of the small yellow block.
There is a yellow block behind the large cyan sphere; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Does the large cyan shiny object have the same shape as the small yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large object that is both behind the red rubber cylinder and right of the yellow thing; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the large rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
The tiny thing right of the tiny thing that is in front of the big cyan object is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Do the metal sphere and the gray thing have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No
Does the tiny object on the left side of the small purple thing have the same material as the small object that is behind the big metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What shape is the matte thing on the left side of the rubber cylinder that is on the right side of the cube left of the ball? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there more tiny red metallic blocks than metal cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more tiny red metallic blocks than metal cylinders. Yes, there are more tiny red metallic blocks than metal cylinders.
Are any big gray things visible? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of things are things that are in front of the large yellow cube or big matte objects that are behind the gray thing? Answer: 5. Output: There are three things that are in front of the large yellow cube or big matte objects that are behind the gray thing.
Is the number of small spheres less than the number of small red cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a cyan object that is left of the large thing in front of the blue metal object; are there any green things behind it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are the brown block and the small cyan object to the left of the large brown matte object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
What color is the large metal thing that is behind the big metallic cube that is on the right side of the small cyan block? Answer: green. Output: purple
Is there a rubber sphere that has the same color as the tiny block? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the size of the block in front of the metal thing in front of the large block that is on the left side of the small cube? Answer: small. Output: The size of the block in front of the metal thing in front of the large block that is on the left side of the small cube is quite small.
Is the shape of the big brown matte thing the same as the large metal object behind the large blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are the same size as the cyan cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the size of the thing that is in front of the large purple sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the thing that is in front of the large purple sphere is small.
What number of other brown cubes are the same material as the big brown block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a green object that is behind the small rubber cube; is it the same shape as the blue shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the big cube that is the same color as the small matte cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the big cube that is the same color as the small matte cylinder is plastic.
The object that is the same color as the tiny matte cylinder is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a purple matte object; is its size the same as the cylinder that is on the left side of the large cylinder? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a yellow cube behind the blue matte thing to the right of the large blue rubber block; is there a yellow rubber block in front of it? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the block that is on the left side of the large blue rubber cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Do the blue block and the blue cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large object that is both in front of the big cyan cube and behind the yellow rubber block; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: purple
There is another small thing that is the same material as the tiny yellow thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
How many objects are both right of the cyan rubber object and left of the big blue cube? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Are there any cyan rubber objects to the right of the cyan object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more large cyan matte objects that are behind the green metallic object than large green shiny objects? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large cyan matte objects that are behind the green metallic object than large green shiny objects.
Are there any brown blocks made of the same material as the big ball? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no brown blocks made of the same material as the big ball.
Do the yellow thing that is behind the metallic ball and the cyan shiny thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
How many yellow metal objects are behind the yellow shiny thing in front of the big yellow shiny object that is behind the cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two yellow metal objects behind the yellow shiny thing in front of the big yellow shiny object that is behind the cylinder.
Are there fewer cyan rubber cubes that are to the right of the big green cylinder than metal cylinders right of the large shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the size of the cyan metal ball? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cyan metal ball is not specified in the image.
How many metal cylinders have the same size as the cyan block? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the cylinder the same color as the large matte object? Answer: no. Output: No
Are the big cyan object behind the cyan block and the yellow cube that is in front of the metal ball made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the big cyan object behind the cyan block and the yellow cube that is in front of the metal ball are made of the same material.
Is the number of large cyan rubber blocks greater than the number of large purple blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same size as the gray cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What number of other things are there of the same color as the metallic cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is there anything else that has the same size as the gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are the same shape as the big metal object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the size of the brown rubber object the same as the gray metal object? Answer: no. Output: No, the size of the brown rubber object is much larger than the gray metal object.
Are any brown balls visible? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Are there any other big cubes that have the same material as the big block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other big cubes that have the same material as the big block.
There is a cyan sphere that is the same size as the blue block; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of other big rubber objects have the same shape as the cyan rubber thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a green ball that is the same material as the brown object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the purple thing the same shape as the large cyan rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The big cylinder that is in front of the large thing that is on the right side of the large matte cylinder is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What is the color of the rubber cylinder that is the same size as the gray metal cylinder? Answer: purple. Output: The color of the rubber cylinder that is the same size as the gray metal cylinder is purple.
How many rubber objects are either big purple cylinders or red things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three rubber objects that are either big purple cylinders or red things.
There is a big matte cube that is to the right of the small red rubber object; how many small things are to the left of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
The thing that is the same color as the large metal cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: large
How many things are either small metal spheres or blocks that are to the left of the big shiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small metal spheres to the left of the big shiny cylinder.
Are there any large red things that have the same material as the big gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large red things that have the same material as the big gray cylinder.
How many large things are in front of the red object and on the right side of the big purple rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
There is a big object in front of the cyan matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What color is the other thing that is the same shape as the large purple thing? Answer: blue. Output: yellow
Is the yellow object the same shape as the small gray object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a matte block that is in front of the purple matte object; is its size the same as the matte object that is right of the blue matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cube that is on the right side of the gray metal thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
How many objects are either rubber things behind the yellow matte cylinder or tiny gray metal objects right of the tiny matte block? Answer: 3. Output: There are two rubber things behind the yellow matte cylinder and three tiny gray metal objects right of the tiny matte block.
Are there any other things that are the same color as the metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there an equal number of matte cubes that are behind the purple rubber block and small gray objects behind the tiny gray object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of matte cubes that are behind the purple rubber block and small gray objects behind the tiny gray object.
Are there more small blue matte cylinders that are in front of the yellow thing than blue rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: Yes
How many objects are either blue rubber things that are behind the yellow rubber cylinder or tiny rubber things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are either blue rubber things that are behind the yellow rubber cylinder or tiny rubber things.
How many small cylinders are made of the same material as the blue cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are two small cylinders made of the same material as the blue cube.
What number of objects are both in front of the green matte object and on the right side of the big purple matte object? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a thing that is the same size as the purple matte sphere; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
There is a purple object to the right of the purple rubber thing on the left side of the small purple matte object; is there a large object behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the color of the matte block the same as the tiny object behind the small yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the color of the matte block is the same as the tiny object behind the small yellow object.
How many spheres have the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What size is the object in front of the ball that is in front of the large purple object? Answer: small. Output: The object in front of the ball that is in front of the large purple object is a cube.
What number of things are matte things that are behind the big purple rubber object or big yellow matte cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there any rubber cylinders of the same size as the green thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a rubber object in front of the tiny yellow object; is there a small sphere to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many blocks are big green objects or purple objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big green objects and one purple object.
There is a blue object that is the same material as the tiny yellow cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the red metallic object that is right of the purple metal ball and the big red metal object to the left of the small yellow shiny cylinder have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The small ball that is made of the same material as the blue object is what color? Answer: purple. Output: red
Is the size of the red shiny thing that is left of the yellow cylinder the same as the block right of the yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small object that is both left of the blue ball and in front of the small purple ball; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Is there another tiny blue ball made of the same material as the blue sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of tiny purple metal balls greater than the number of tiny blue matte cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metallic ball on the left side of the small thing to the right of the large object that is on the right side of the purple metal thing; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: red
Do the big object on the left side of the yellow shiny thing and the tiny metallic sphere that is behind the yellow metallic cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a shiny sphere right of the cylinder; what number of yellow metal things are right of it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is there a brown block behind the tiny green matte thing on the left side of the green rubber object to the right of the small matte block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the metallic cylinder have the same color as the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a large block behind the thing on the left side of the green rubber cube; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: blue
How many tiny things are either green objects or cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny objects that are either green objects or cylinders.
There is a matte block that is both in front of the large blue cylinder and to the right of the small block; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: green
Is the material of the big red cube the same as the blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
The big brown rubber thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of brown rubber objects are in front of the small rubber thing in front of the block in front of the brown block? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is another big object that is the same shape as the big red thing; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: green
There is a blue metal thing in front of the rubber block that is behind the matte cube that is on the right side of the red cube; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many small green cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the shape of the big shiny object that is in front of the small shiny block? Answer: cylinder. Output: The big shiny object that is in front of the small shiny block is a cylinder.
How many other things are there of the same size as the purple object? Answer: 2. Output: There are four other objects of the same size as the purple object.
There is a large shiny object in front of the small gray shiny thing; is it the same shape as the big metal object behind the small gray cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of large blocks are on the left side of the large red matte block? Answer: 1. Output: 2
The rubber thing behind the small blue thing is what color? Answer: red. Output: purple
What color is the big rubber object that is the same shape as the red shiny object? Answer: red. Output: The big rubber object that is the same shape as the red shiny object is purple.
Is there anything else that has the same color as the large cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a smaller cylinder that has the same color as the large cylinder.
Is the number of small blue blocks greater than the number of objects? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the blue cube have the same material as the small gray cube? Answer: no. Output: No
Do the small yellow object that is to the right of the small red cylinder and the small blue thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of tiny red cylinders that are in front of the green matte cube the same as the number of tiny blue cylinders to the right of the small yellow matte block? Answer: yes. Output: No, the number of tiny red cylinders that are in front of the green matte cube is different from the number of tiny blue cylinders to the right of the small yellow matte block.
There is another cube that is the same color as the metal cube; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of small green things are in front of the yellow block left of the green rubber block? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a small matte thing behind the yellow metallic object; does it have the same color as the cube that is to the left of the green block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a green cube that is the same size as the blue thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
The yellow thing on the right side of the tiny matte thing that is in front of the metallic thing on the left side of the red shiny cylinder is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What shape is the green matte object that is the same size as the blue metal cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
What number of tiny blue objects are in front of the tiny cube in front of the yellow shiny block in front of the small red cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
Is the number of small metal things in front of the shiny cube greater than the number of blue metal cylinders that are left of the tiny green rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a shiny cylinder to the right of the matte thing that is on the left side of the matte object behind the yellow rubber cube; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What size is the metal thing that is the same color as the rubber block? Answer: small. Output: The metal thing is the same size as the rubber block.
There is a object that is behind the blue cylinder and in front of the small metal cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Is the shape of the large red thing the same as the big yellow object in front of the red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing that is the same color as the large rubber block; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Does the red metallic object have the same shape as the small yellow metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metallic cylinder to the right of the big blue shiny object; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: 12 inches
Are there any things that have the same color as the rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the size of the shiny thing that is left of the blue cylinder the same as the purple rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
The matte thing that is right of the tiny yellow cylinder that is right of the blue metallic object is what color? Answer: purple. Output: red
What is the shape of the other object that is the same size as the red thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: square
How many other things are the same color as the small matte object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other things that are the same color as the small matte object.
What material is the big green cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The big green cylinder is made of plastic.
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a thing that is in front of the rubber block and behind the large block; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a tiny object behind the small block that is left of the small purple block; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Is the number of yellow things to the right of the green rubber cylinder the same as the number of big blue objects? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the color of the tiny cylinder the same as the block behind the tiny purple object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the color of the small thing that is both right of the small yellow metallic block and on the left side of the tiny purple cube? Answer: yellow. Output: green
There is a shiny block that is behind the purple thing; how many big metal things are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: three
What number of tiny blue things have the same shape as the large metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a big block that is the same color as the small rubber cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is the tiny block made of the same material as the blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a thing behind the block on the left side of the large red thing; how many blue objects are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: two
Is there a cylinder that has the same material as the red block? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the size of the rubber block that is the same color as the small metallic object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the rubber block that is the same color as the small metallic object is not specified in the image.
Are there fewer metallic things than tiny blue metallic blocks? Answer: no. Output: Yes
There is a cube that is behind the big green matte thing; is its color the same as the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the red cube in front of the shiny cube that is behind the metallic cube that is in front of the big cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The red cube in front of the shiny cube that is behind the metallic cube that is in front of the big cylinder is made of plastic.
Are there any big rubber objects that have the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of large brown rubber blocks are there? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is the number of tiny gray blocks less than the number of green metal balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many objects are big gray rubber cubes or small red matte blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are two big gray rubber cubes and one small red matte block.
How many small shiny objects are left of the small yellow cylinder and in front of the red sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are two small shiny objects left of the small yellow cylinder and in front of the red sphere.
Are there fewer yellow shiny objects to the left of the tiny yellow object than tiny yellow shiny things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a red metal object that is the same size as the yellow metallic thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many other objects are the same color as the small metallic block? Answer: 2. Output: There are two other objects that are the same color as the small metallic block.
Is the metal sphere the same size as the gray metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: No, the metal sphere is smaller than the gray metallic thing.
What number of things are either cubes or objects to the right of the small red object? Answer: 4. Output: 3
Are there fewer small spheres behind the shiny block than shiny objects in front of the ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a shiny thing that is the same size as the yellow matte thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
The big object that is on the left side of the big rubber thing that is in front of the cube left of the yellow thing is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Do the yellow thing and the brown sphere have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the large yellow thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The large yellow thing is made of plastic.
There is a cyan metallic thing that is behind the tiny cyan thing; does it have the same shape as the green object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many objects are large brown shiny blocks or big objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three large brown shiny blocks or big objects in the image.
Are the large thing left of the large yellow object and the tiny brown sphere made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
The green rubber object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
The shiny thing that is the same color as the big shiny cube is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
How many balls are either tiny things or cyan things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is there a large green cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the tiny cyan metallic object behind the purple cylinder have the same shape as the large object that is behind the purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a object made of the same material as the big cyan cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is an object made of the same material as the big cyan cylinder. Yes, there is an object made of the same material as the big cyan cylinder.
Is the big object in front of the big cyan rubber cylinder made of the same material as the big green cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there more large cyan matte objects in front of the tiny shiny thing than tiny rubber things in front of the large cyan rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more large cyan matte objects in front of the tiny shiny thing than tiny rubber things in front of the large cyan rubber cylinder.
What is the color of the cylinder that is the same size as the green thing? Answer: cyan. Output: Blue
Are there any large cylinders of the same color as the small metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large cylinders of the same color as the small metallic cylinder.
There is a big matte thing that is behind the big yellow cube; is its color the same as the metal cylinder that is right of the large yellow block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a cyan cylinder on the right side of the large green object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What color is the tiny cylinder that is made of the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: purple. Output: The tiny cylinder that is made of the same material as the yellow cube is green.
What is the material of the purple object? Answer: rubber. Output: The purple object is made of plastic.
There is a metal cylinder that is the same size as the red metal thing; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: red
Do the ball and the red object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The object that is the same color as the metal block is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Is the size of the purple block the same as the block left of the big rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the large thing that is behind the blue shiny sphere and in front of the large purple cube? Answer: red. Output: The large thing that is behind the blue shiny sphere and in front of the large purple cube is red.
Is the number of yellow cylinders on the left side of the small metal ball greater than the number of big red metal objects in front of the tiny block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a yellow object that is made of the same material as the ball; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a block that is left of the purple cube; how many objects are to the right of it? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is there a big green shiny object that has the same shape as the big red shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a brown object in front of the matte cylinder; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many gray things are small matte blocks or small metal objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three gray things that are small matte blocks or small metal objects.
Are there any other things that have the same material as the blue sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
What material is the other brown thing that is the same shape as the small metallic thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the number of brown matte spheres in front of the big rubber object the same as the number of tiny brown rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a object that is both left of the small blue matte thing and on the right side of the metallic sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the big rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a brown object that is behind the red metallic thing to the left of the big blue cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a ball that is both to the right of the red object and in front of the tiny brown ball; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: blue
How many other objects are there of the same size as the matte cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the matte cylinder.
What size is the green object that is behind the object right of the green object that is to the left of the green rubber sphere? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other things are there of the same color as the big matte ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the big matte ball.
There is another thing that is the same size as the brown shiny object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What number of big objects are yellow cylinders or matte cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a matte cylinder that is to the right of the brown shiny ball that is on the left side of the tiny yellow cylinder; is there a small shiny thing behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any rubber cylinders of the same size as the green rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a yellow thing that is the same size as the metal sphere; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Do the brown thing and the matte cylinder that is on the left side of the green matte cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
How many matte things are either yellow objects or tiny red things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three yellow objects and no tiny red things.
What number of green rubber things are the same shape as the tiny brown object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the color of the small rubber cube the same as the large block? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the small rubber cube is different from the large block.
Is the number of green objects less than the number of big red metal objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the big ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of large gray objects are there? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is the number of small objects left of the small blue cube less than the number of gray cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the blue block behind the large yellow ball have the same material as the large ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of the same material as the large yellow ball. Yes, the blue block behind the large yellow ball is made of
There is a large object that is on the right side of the blue cube that is behind the rubber object in front of the matte block; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Is there a yellow thing that has the same size as the gray rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What size is the yellow rubber object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the yellow rubber object is not specified in the image.
How many blocks have the same size as the yellow object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the number of big red cylinders in front of the large metallic cylinder the same as the number of small green things? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a cylinder behind the small green cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many big things are either matte objects or rubber blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big things that are either matte objects or rubber blocks.
The other object that is the same shape as the small rubber thing is what color? Answer: red. Output: green
Does the metallic cube have the same size as the gray sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of objects are small cyan spheres or metallic objects that are in front of the small gray metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small cyan spheres or metallic objects that are in front of the small gray metallic thing.
The small object that is on the right side of the small shiny object to the right of the tiny gray shiny object is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
Is the color of the rubber object behind the tiny cylinder the same as the tiny metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the rubber object behind the tiny cylinder is not the same as the tiny metallic cube.
There is a large sphere that is in front of the big red cylinder; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
The green cylinder has what size? Answer: small. Output: 5 inches
There is a large cylinder; does it have the same color as the rubber ball in front of the large blue ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the big yellow metal object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The big yellow metal object is a cylinder.
What number of things are either objects left of the large yellow thing or big cyan metallic cylinders? Answer: 4. Output: three
The red object that is the same material as the small purple sphere is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there more purple objects that are behind the yellow cylinder than yellow metallic cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more purple objects behind the yellow cylinder than yellow metallic cylinders.
There is a purple matte thing; does it have the same shape as the small thing that is to the left of the brown matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many big objects are either purple things or brown spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big objects that are either purple things or brown spheres.
What color is the tiny rubber ball to the left of the small matte sphere in front of the small red sphere? Answer: red. Output: blue
Is the blue object made of the same material as the tiny ball that is to the left of the big brown rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small ball behind the tiny purple ball; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What is the material of the tiny object that is behind the tiny gray rubber ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the tiny object that is behind the tiny gray rubber ball is plastic.
Are there an equal number of tiny matte blocks that are on the right side of the matte cylinder and tiny cyan rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many tiny matte cylinders have the same color as the metal cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny matte cylinders that have the same color as the metal cylinder.
What is the color of the other tiny thing that is the same shape as the shiny thing? Answer: cyan. Output: green
Are there the same number of matte balls that are on the left side of the cyan cylinder and small metallic cylinders that are behind the tiny gray metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of matte balls that are on the left side of the cyan cylinder and small metallic cylinders that are behind the tiny gray metallic object.
Are any small green metallic cylinders visible? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no small green metallic cylinders visible.
There is another object that is the same shape as the small metallic thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a rubber block to the left of the cyan rubber cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there more tiny blocks behind the small gray shiny cylinder than blue spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more tiny blocks behind the small gray shiny cylinder than blue spheres.
What is the shape of the small gray matte object? Answer: sphere. Output: The small gray matte object is a cube.
The big metal thing that is behind the gray matte object to the left of the sphere that is right of the large yellow metallic object is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: silver
There is a object that is on the right side of the large yellow metallic sphere and in front of the large cyan thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other things are there of the same shape as the large gray metallic object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects of the same shape as the large gray metallic object.
How many spheres are either cyan objects or small gray things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three spheres that are either cyan objects or small gray things.
There is a rubber object that is right of the big cyan cylinder that is behind the yellow object; are there any shiny objects in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the other shiny thing that is the same shape as the large gray thing? Answer: yellow. Output: The other shiny thing that is the same shape as the large gray thing is silver.
How many purple objects are metal blocks or tiny things? Answer: 0. Output: There are no purple objects in the image.
What is the material of the large sphere that is right of the big object in front of the big gray shiny object? Answer: rubber. Output: The large sphere that is right of the big object in front of the big gray shiny object is made of metal.
Does the big yellow object have the same shape as the red object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a cylinder that is the same size as the matte ball; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: silver
Are there any other things that have the same size as the cyan metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: No
What size is the brown cube that is the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: small. Output: The brown cube is about the same size as the cyan thing.
There is a tiny rubber object that is behind the gray metallic ball; how many tiny red matte cylinders are to the right of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a small gray metallic thing; how many small brown blocks are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
What color is the small thing in front of the sphere in front of the tiny red thing that is behind the small gray metal sphere? Answer: red. Output: The small thing in front of the sphere in front of the tiny red thing that is behind the small gray metal sphere is pink.
There is a thing in front of the small gray ball; is it the same color as the shiny object that is left of the large cyan ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red matte thing in front of the gray object in front of the cyan shiny ball; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there a brown metallic thing that has the same size as the red cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of green objects are the same shape as the gray metal object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the number of blocks right of the tiny block the same as the number of metallic spheres in front of the tiny red matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the small matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that has the same color as the small matte object, which is purple.
Is there a purple rubber cylinder that is in front of the small yellow matte block to the right of the purple cylinder that is behind the gray rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the matte block? Answer: yellow. Output: The matte block is purple.
Are there any tiny blocks in front of the gray matte object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no tiny blocks in front of the gray matte object.
Do the big purple matte object and the purple thing that is behind the block have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the big green ball? Answer: 3. Output: 4
The cylinder in front of the purple object behind the large cylinder in front of the yellow rubber thing is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
There is a large thing in front of the big ball on the right side of the tiny object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the number of purple cylinders that are behind the big green thing greater than the number of tiny purple matte cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the green thing that is behind the yellow rubber object and the shiny thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: yes
The rubber cylinder has what color? Answer: yellow. Output: yellow.
There is a big gray shiny cylinder right of the rubber thing; are there any large matte cylinders that are on the right side of it? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other metallic things have the same size as the yellow thing? Answer: 4. Output: 4
What number of yellow cylinders are left of the yellow matte object that is left of the block behind the big rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of cylinders are both on the left side of the big matte cylinder and on the right side of the yellow cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of matte objects are either big gray blocks or large things? Answer: 1. Output: There are four matte objects that are either big gray blocks or large things.
The yellow object behind the big cube in front of the gray cylinder that is on the left side of the large yellow cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: The yellow object behind the big cube in front of the gray cylinder that is on the left side of the large yellow cylinder is made of plastic.
What material is the big block that is in front of the gray block that is behind the rubber cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The big block that is in front of the gray block that is behind the rubber cylinder is made of stainless steel.
Is the size of the gray cube that is behind the big yellow cylinder the same as the block in front of the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are other things that are made of the same material as the yellow object. The yellow object is made of the same material as the silver cubes and cylinders.
The sphere that is on the right side of the yellow thing is what color? Answer: blue. Output: purple
There is a tiny object in front of the metal ball that is in front of the blue thing; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of spheres are small blue rubber objects or blue objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three spheres that are small blue rubber objects or blue objects.
How many big brown metallic objects are on the left side of the small block? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big brown metallic objects on the left side of the small block.
How many things are either small objects that are left of the brown cube or large brown metallic objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small objects that are left of the brown cube, and there is one large brown metallic object.
Is the number of large brown objects that are on the left side of the large brown shiny thing less than the number of purple metal spheres on the right side of the red metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of large brown objects that are on the left side of the large brown shiny thing is less than the number of purple metal spheres on the right side of the red metal sphere.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the purple shiny thing? Answer: 3. Output: 3
How many objects are either metallic objects that are on the left side of the big metallic cube or shiny blocks behind the brown cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are either metallic objects that are on the left side of the big metallic cube or shiny blocks behind the brown cube.
The large object has what color? Answer: brown. Output: Gold.
Is the number of red balls behind the red ball less than the number of big cyan matte objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there a tiny brown metallic object of the same shape as the large shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a tiny brown metallic object of the same shape as the large shiny thing.
Is the material of the tiny yellow cylinder the same as the large thing right of the big cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the large object that is behind the green matte block behind the large rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: The large object that is behind the green matte block behind the large rubber thing is made of plastic.
Are there more small brown rubber balls that are behind the cyan thing than gray blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a brown rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small thing that is left of the cyan matte cylinder; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: yellow
There is a purple thing that is the same size as the cyan cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: glass
How many other objects are there of the same material as the cyan cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the cyan cylinder.
What color is the tiny matte object that is both to the left of the tiny green matte thing and in front of the large metallic cube? Answer: yellow. Output: The tiny matte object that is both to the left of the tiny green matte thing and in front of the large metallic cube is blue.
How many objects are matte objects that are to the right of the sphere or small yellow matte cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: There are three matte objects that are to the right of the sphere or small yellow matte cylinders.
There is a object that is in front of the block and right of the tiny brown ball; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many big red rubber balls are on the right side of the red ball behind the rubber object in front of the big ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big red rubber balls on the right side of the red ball behind the rubber object in front of the big ball.
Is there another tiny cube of the same color as the matte block? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What color is the cube that is the same size as the brown shiny sphere? Answer: cyan. Output: The cube that is the same size as the brown shiny sphere is blue.
What is the shape of the tiny thing right of the object behind the tiny object that is on the right side of the big matte ball? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of tiny brown metal balls are right of the red sphere behind the cyan matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: three
Do the matte object that is right of the large rubber thing and the object behind the small cyan matte object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
How many small cyan matte objects are in front of the big rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small cyan matte objects in front of the big rubber thing.
Is the thing that is to the right of the red rubber sphere made of the same material as the large red ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the rubber object that is the same shape as the tiny brown metallic object? Answer: red. Output: The rubber object that is the same shape as the tiny brown metallic object is red.
There is a big matte thing that is on the right side of the sphere; is it the same shape as the big blue shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there more large things that are in front of the blue metallic thing than yellow metallic spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more large things that are in front of the blue metallic thing than yellow metallic spheres.
What is the color of the large block that is behind the yellow rubber object that is behind the brown rubber object? Answer: blue. Output: The large block that is behind the yellow rubber object is blue.
How many large yellow blocks are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many objects are both to the right of the sphere and behind the large yellow matte block? Answer: 1. Output: There are two objects that are both to the right of the sphere and behind the large yellow matte block.
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the large blue shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the large shiny object have the same color as the cube behind the big metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the large shiny object has a different color than the cube behind it.
The big brown rubber object left of the big blue metal thing has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of other objects are the same material as the brown sphere? Answer: 3. Output: 2
What is the material of the big brown thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The big brown thing is made of clay.
What number of objects are either tiny metal blocks to the right of the small yellow matte block or cyan matte cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a metal object that is in front of the metal cube that is behind the metal block in front of the big matte sphere; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: The metal object that is in front of the metal cube that is behind the metal block in front of the big matte sphere is about the size of an egg.
There is a small object that is the same color as the sphere; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the large brown matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the metal block that is in front of the metal block that is on the left side of the gray block? Answer: small. Output: 1/2 inch
How many small objects are brown matte objects or green matte balls? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small objects that are brown matte objects or green matte balls.
Are there fewer small yellow things than big rubber things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there more metal things than spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other objects are the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a tiny object to the left of the small yellow rubber object; how many brown things are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: one
How many other objects are the same color as the tiny shiny sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects that are the same color as the tiny shiny sphere.
There is a small object that is the same color as the rubber ball; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many green objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the brown rubber object and the tiny thing that is left of the small brown cylinder have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many objects are large spheres or small gray spheres in front of the big green thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large spheres or small gray spheres in front of the big green thing.
What is the material of the other object that is the same shape as the small brown rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Does the thing in front of the big object have the same shape as the gray rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is there anything else that is the same size as the rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there fewer blocks that are in front of the gray shiny ball than big things in front of the green object? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the green object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is another big brown thing that is the same shape as the large brown metallic thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there more large brown objects that are to the left of the brown rubber cylinder than big cyan shiny things that are to the left of the small purple rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more large brown objects that are to the left of the brown rubber cylinder than big cyan shiny things that are to the left of the small purple rubber cube.
The other large object that is the same shape as the purple matte object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: gold
Does the cylinder to the left of the purple object have the same color as the large rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many tiny cubes are there? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the material of the large brown thing on the right side of the large gray metallic block the same as the tiny purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of large rubber objects are on the left side of the big brown cylinder that is on the left side of the rubber object on the right side of the rubber cube? Answer: 0. Output: three
What size is the cyan metal cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cyan metal cylinder is not specified in the image.
There is a brown object to the left of the brown matte cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a block to the right of the big metal block; does it have the same color as the matte thing that is right of the tiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any balls made of the same material as the big blue object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a yellow ball made of the same material as the big blue object.
The large matte cylinder is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
There is a blue object that is in front of the tiny blue metallic object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of metal objects are the same color as the ball? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a rubber cylinder that is behind the yellow object; is there a large blue metallic thing that is behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the large cylinder that is on the right side of the tiny yellow cylinder have the same color as the rubber thing on the right side of the purple matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the matte cylinder that is the same size as the gray thing? Answer: purple. Output: The matte cylinder that is the same size as the gray thing is purple.
Is the number of matte cylinders that are left of the purple matte cylinder the same as the number of tiny yellow cylinders in front of the small blue shiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, the number of matte cylinders that are left of the purple matte cylinder is different from the number of tiny yellow cylinders in front of the small blue shiny sphere.
The blue thing that is to the right of the big object behind the small blue ball is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of objects are either tiny yellow rubber cylinders or small brown metallic balls? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a big cube; does it have the same color as the large shiny object behind the big gray object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a small cyan cylinder made of the same material as the yellow block? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What number of large rubber objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 3
The ball to the right of the large ball in front of the large gray sphere is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum. The ball to the left of the large ball in front of the large gray sphere is made of what material? plastic.
The big object that is made of the same material as the yellow cube is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: silver.
What is the shape of the big shiny object that is the same color as the tiny thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: The big shiny object that is the same color as the tiny thing is a sphere.
There is a matte block that is on the left side of the large yellow thing; is its size the same as the ball in front of the large gray metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cylinders are yellow metallic objects or big gray things? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Are the large object that is behind the big cyan block and the gray thing made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many other things are the same size as the cyan matte object? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other things that are the same size as the cyan matte object.
Are there fewer small things behind the big gray metal thing than large rubber things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many gray things are the same size as the gray cube? Answer: 0. Output: 0
The matte thing that is the same color as the large cylinder is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Does the big object that is on the right side of the shiny object have the same color as the matte block right of the large cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large gray cube; how many rubber things are to the right of it? Answer: 2. Output: 2
What is the size of the block that is the same color as the cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the block that is the same color as the cylinder is about 1/3 the size of the cylinder.
Is there a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there is a big metal object that has the same shape as the tiny red rubber object. Yes, there
What is the color of the thing that is the same size as the gray cube? Answer: red. Output: The color of the thing that is the same size as the gray cube is red.
Are there fewer brown objects to the right of the large gray block than tiny rubber blocks that are on the left side of the large red matte object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the cube that is on the right side of the gray block and the big red cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
The large metal thing that is in front of the metal thing on the right side of the gray metal cube is what color? Answer: gray. Output: silver.
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the cyan shiny object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there the same number of large rubber balls that are in front of the green block and large blocks behind the big gray cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of large rubber balls in front of the green block and behind the big gray cube.
What number of cubes are either small things or cyan objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
How many other objects are there of the same material as the tiny thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the tiny thing.
What is the shape of the large object on the right side of the cyan thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What material is the large green object in front of the green matte object behind the rubber cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The large green object in front of the green matte object behind the rubber cube is made of plastic.
Is the number of small objects that are on the right side of the cyan cylinder greater than the number of small green rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other things are the same color as the matte cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other things that are the same color as the matte cube.
What is the shape of the cyan metallic thing that is the same size as the green matte block? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
There is a cyan ball that is the same size as the purple metallic thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many other things are the same material as the large green ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other things that are the same material as the large green ball.
Are there any tiny shiny objects in front of the big green ball that is in front of the tiny object behind the big ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are tiny shiny objects in front of the big green ball.
There is a metallic thing that is in front of the big thing that is in front of the large metallic object; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: The metallic thing in front of the large metallic object is green.
What number of large objects are either gray metal things or cyan matte things? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What color is the metallic object that is behind the purple shiny thing and on the left side of the big gray metal object? Answer: yellow. Output: The metallic object that is behind the purple shiny thing and on the left side of the big gray metal object is silver.
Is the material of the yellow object the same as the purple ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
The yellow thing has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
How many yellow blocks are in front of the rubber sphere to the left of the metal object that is behind the tiny yellow shiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are two yellow blocks in front of the rubber sphere to the left of the metal object that is behind the tiny yellow shiny cube.
There is a big object that is the same shape as the small purple metallic object; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
