The other small shiny thing that is the same shape as the tiny yellow shiny object is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
Is there anything else that has the same color as the large shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the large shiny cube is the only object with that color.
How many metallic objects are big blue cubes or blue objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metallic objects that are big blue cubes or blue objects.
Is the color of the big matte object the same as the large metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the big matte object is different from the large metal cube.
Are there more shiny things that are to the left of the yellow rubber thing than small red spheres? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of other things are the same material as the big gray cylinder? Answer: 6. Output: 3
How many large things are either cyan metallic cylinders or yellow blocks? Answer: 0. Output: There are three large things that are either cyan metallic cylinders or yellow blocks.
Is the material of the yellow block the same as the yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
How many tiny yellow matte things are to the right of the purple thing in front of the small cyan shiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is there another tiny green object that has the same shape as the green shiny object? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the gray matte object to the right of the large ball that is right of the yellow cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Is there a cyan shiny thing of the same size as the block? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Are there fewer tiny yellow cylinders than yellow metal cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the matte thing that is behind the small matte cylinder that is on the left side of the matte cylinder in front of the small gray sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
How many things are cylinders to the right of the gray rubber ball or brown things that are behind the cyan metallic thing? Answer: 5. Output: three
There is a big brown matte ball; are there any brown matte things left of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are matte objects that are behind the large cube or big purple shiny balls? Answer: 3. Output: 10
How many brown things are big rubber balls or metallic cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: There is one brown rubber ball and one metallic cylinder.
What number of other things are there of the same color as the big metal cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: 1
Is the number of red rubber things to the left of the cyan cube less than the number of tiny cyan metal objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of tiny things are yellow metal cylinders or brown cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a rubber cylinder; is its size the same as the metallic block that is on the right side of the red object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same shape as the big blue matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What shape is the big brown thing that is made of the same material as the small red object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Is there a big cyan object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of big brown objects that are on the right side of the blue cylinder less than the number of tiny red matte blocks that are behind the big rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What shape is the yellow shiny thing on the right side of the red matte cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is the blue sphere made of the same material as the large brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: No, the blue sphere is made of a different material than the large brown thing.
Is there anything else that is made of the same material as the red cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the blue cube is made of the same material as the red cube.
There is a blue thing that is the same shape as the large brown matte object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a rubber object that is in front of the gray cylinder that is in front of the tiny metal thing that is to the right of the tiny metal cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: The rubber object that is in front of the gray cylinder is a sphere.
The tiny object that is in front of the large gray rubber thing and behind the tiny green sphere is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
There is a red object right of the red rubber cube; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
The big brown thing that is made of the same material as the big red block is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many matte things are either red things or tiny red cubes? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a big cube left of the metallic object that is in front of the gray rubber thing; how many large brown blocks are to the left of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Do the metallic thing that is in front of the brown block and the red thing on the right side of the purple cylinder have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a brown thing that is the same shape as the large red object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many tiny objects are either rubber things or brown rubber objects? Answer: 4. Output: There are three tiny objects that are either rubber things or brown rubber objects.
What material is the blue ball? Answer: metal. Output: The blue ball is made of plastic.
What color is the cylinder that is the same material as the large cyan thing? Answer: green. Output: blue
Does the big purple sphere have the same material as the blue ball that is in front of the purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the tiny cylinder? Answer: green. Output: The color of the tiny cylinder is blue.
There is a red ball that is the same material as the tiny blue cube; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a big object that is in front of the sphere to the left of the red matte thing; how many large cyan objects are to the left of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
Does the large cylinder have the same color as the metallic cylinder that is right of the purple shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the rubber thing that is the same color as the tiny block? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a purple thing on the left side of the metal thing to the left of the purple sphere that is behind the big red object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a blue object that is behind the blue block; does it have the same shape as the big red matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large thing in front of the blue rubber block; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a big matte sphere; are there any small brown shiny objects left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a shiny cylinder that is the same size as the blue metal sphere; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: gold
How many objects are shiny cylinders in front of the large brown metallic cylinder or large cyan metallic objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three shiny cylinders in front of the large brown metallic cylinder or large cyan metallic objects.
What is the size of the rubber thing that is to the left of the blue sphere and behind the blue shiny ball? Answer: large. Output: 1 inch
What is the size of the thing that is the same color as the big shiny ball? Answer: large. Output: The size of the thing that is the same color as the big shiny ball is not specified in the image.
How many other things are the same size as the green object? Answer: 4. Output: 1
There is a small metallic object behind the small brown sphere that is in front of the cylinder behind the brown rubber object; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: gold
There is a small object that is left of the small green cube and behind the purple thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many other things are the same shape as the big cyan metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What shape is the small rubber thing in front of the large rubber object that is to the right of the tiny brown metal object on the left side of the purple object? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What shape is the object that is in front of the small cyan matte cylinder and behind the large red cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: square
There is a big thing that is on the right side of the big yellow object and in front of the red sphere; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: blue
Are there more small red balls to the right of the small red ball than cyan objects behind the small metal ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the cube behind the big red thing? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the cube behind the big red thing is blue.
Is the shape of the object that is in front of the large yellow matte cylinder the same as the large cyan matte object in front of the tiny shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: No, the shape of the object that is in front of the large yellow matte cylinder is different from the large cyan matte object in front of the tiny shiny ball.
Are there any rubber cylinders that have the same size as the rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are rubber cylinders that have the same size as the rubber sphere.
There is a red thing in front of the big yellow matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the big yellow thing that is in front of the metallic ball made of the same material as the big red cube? Answer: no. Output: No
Are any blue metal spheres visible? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no blue metal spheres visible.
There is a big block that is the same material as the small red object; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: red
There is a green sphere that is behind the big object that is on the left side of the green shiny thing; is there a brown matte thing that is to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of green metal things on the right side of the big red block less than the number of big spheres behind the small rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many blocks are made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three blocks made of the same material as the tiny blue cylinder.
There is a green metallic thing; is it the same size as the brown thing to the left of the big cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny object that is the same color as the large shiny thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How big is the green sphere right of the large ball that is in front of the big matte sphere right of the large metal object? Answer: small. Output: 1.5 inches
Are there more yellow metallic things that are in front of the yellow rubber object than brown objects in front of the large cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more yellow metallic things in front of the yellow rubber object than brown objects in front of the large cyan object.
How many tiny green metal objects are behind the yellow ball that is behind the tiny matte block? Answer: 1. Output: There are two tiny green metal objects behind the yellow ball that is behind the tiny matte block.
Are there any tiny cylinders of the same color as the large cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny cylinders of the same color as the large cylinder.
Is the size of the red cube the same as the blue rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small shiny object behind the tiny sphere that is behind the blue sphere; how many yellow blocks are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: two
There is a big matte cylinder behind the tiny block on the left side of the blue sphere; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
How many other things are the same material as the tiny sphere? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a yellow cube that is to the right of the small yellow matte object; what number of brown objects are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Does the big cylinder on the right side of the red object have the same color as the tiny matte object in front of the purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer small green shiny blocks than tiny yellow things? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a rubber thing that is in front of the big yellow object that is behind the small purple metal cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What is the shape of the brown metal object that is to the right of the shiny sphere that is in front of the yellow thing that is in front of the small purple cube? Answer: cube. Output: The brown metal object that is to the right of the shiny sphere that is in front of the yellow thing that is in front of the small purple cube is a cube.
What number of things are large yellow metallic objects on the right side of the red object or large yellow shiny things behind the small purple metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large yellow metallic objects on the right side of the red object or large yellow shiny things behind the small purple metal thing.
There is a purple shiny thing; is its size the same as the metallic cube that is behind the small gray matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that is the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the yellow block and the green object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Do the large cyan rubber thing and the green thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a large block that is the same material as the tiny gray thing; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: red
How many other small spheres have the same material as the cyan sphere? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Do the blue thing to the right of the cyan thing and the rubber ball that is behind the large brown thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the small yellow object right of the big sphere that is behind the big brown block? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the number of tiny yellow cubes that are behind the gray matte cylinder less than the number of large rubber objects left of the red block? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a cylinder that is the same color as the small matte block; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the brown matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of big spheres that are on the right side of the small purple shiny cylinder the same as the number of big purple metal things? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any small brown matte things behind the small purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are small brown matte things behind the small purple cylinder.
Is the shape of the cyan rubber object the same as the large purple metallic object on the right side of the tiny purple shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another big thing that is the same material as the large red object; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: blue
What color is the big block? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Is the tiny brown sphere made of the same material as the large thing left of the purple rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of small brown rubber objects are both to the left of the small brown matte cylinder and behind the yellow metallic thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
The metal object that is the same size as the purple cube is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there a tiny brown sphere left of the big rubber object that is left of the tiny purple shiny cylinder in front of the purple shiny block? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the cube have the same color as the sphere in front of the brown matte ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large object that is the same material as the big cyan block; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: red
There is a yellow thing to the right of the matte block; is its size the same as the green matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
The other big object that is the same shape as the brown metallic thing is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
There is a red thing that is left of the object that is behind the big object behind the green object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Does the blue rubber object have the same shape as the small yellow shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the shape of the yellow thing that is behind the large rubber ball in front of the brown thing? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Are there any big red metallic blocks? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
What number of cyan blocks are behind the big block that is behind the cube that is to the left of the yellow matte sphere? Answer: 0. Output: two
There is a big shiny thing; does it have the same shape as the yellow object that is left of the brown ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of yellow shiny spheres greater than the number of big red shiny spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the purple rubber cylinder and the brown sphere that is in front of the red shiny cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are either small rubber objects behind the small matte block or blue things that are on the right side of the tiny purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a yellow metallic object that is the same size as the brown matte ball; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the shape of the tiny metallic thing that is left of the small blue rubber object to the left of the matte object behind the big brown object? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there an equal number of tiny blue objects that are behind the small block and yellow things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Does the matte ball have the same size as the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many rubber objects are blue things or small brown spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three rubber objects that are blue things or small brown spheres.
What is the material of the blue thing that is the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of other objects are the same material as the block? Answer: 3. Output: 1
Is the number of large red metallic cylinders that are behind the red metal cylinder less than the number of brown things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the gray object that is the same shape as the small green object? Answer: metal. Output: The gray object that is the same shape as the small green object is made of plastic.
What is the color of the tiny shiny cube? Answer: blue. Output: The tiny shiny cube is red.
Is the metallic block the same color as the metal ball? Answer: no. Output: No, the metallic block is a different color than the metal ball.
What number of shiny objects are small green cylinders or large green things? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a green matte object that is to the right of the large matte sphere that is in front of the red metallic cylinder; are there any small metallic balls behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What size is the green cylinder that is the same material as the green cube? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
There is a large red cylinder; are there any large cylinders behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a red cylinder that is on the right side of the tiny gray shiny object right of the tiny metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a matte cylinder that is to the left of the blue cube; is it the same size as the rubber object that is behind the metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How many large objects are rubber spheres or blue spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large objects that are rubber spheres or blue spheres.
What size is the rubber cylinder that is the same color as the large shiny thing? Answer: large. Output: The rubber cylinder is the same size as the large shiny thing.
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the small green thing? Answer: 5. Output: 5
There is a gray matte ball; is it the same size as the cyan cylinder that is in front of the tiny green cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are big red matte balls or tiny brown rubber things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big red matte balls and one tiny brown rubber thing.
How many other things are there of the same size as the gray rubber object? Answer: 5. Output: There are six other objects of the same size as the gray rubber object.
There is a tiny ball; is its color the same as the tiny block to the right of the small cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many spheres are purple things or blue objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are no spheres that are purple things or blue objects in the image.
Are there any other things of the same color as the large matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other things of the same color as the large matte sphere.
What material is the block behind the green rubber thing that is on the right side of the small cyan rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Does the red thing have the same material as the sphere that is left of the large red ball? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there anything else that has the same material as the tiny purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the big cube have the same color as the matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small purple object that is the same material as the large gray sphere; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How many other large things are the same shape as the gray metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: 2
What is the shape of the purple matte thing right of the big sphere behind the gray block? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
There is a cyan thing to the right of the purple sphere; does it have the same size as the big rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the matte object that is both in front of the big block and to the left of the tiny red matte sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the matte object that is both in front of the big block and to the left of the tiny red matte sphere is small.
How many yellow rubber things are the same size as the green matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a green object that is left of the tiny red ball; how many gray balls are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a cylinder on the left side of the big gray sphere; is it the same color as the large rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the green shiny cube that is right of the gray thing and the small brown object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the color of the small metal block the same as the big rubber block? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the small metal block is different from the big rubber block.
What number of metal objects are to the left of the big red matte thing and in front of the tiny blue cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
How many large yellow cylinders are in front of the small metal thing that is on the left side of the shiny block in front of the big green metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large yellow cylinders in front of the small metal thing that is on the left side of the shiny block in front of the big green metallic thing.
The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is what size? The object that
What is the shape of the tiny brown thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How many gray cylinders have the same material as the brown object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a small cube that is made of the same material as the large green object; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: blue
Does the rubber cube have the same size as the green object that is left of the brown rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big cylinder that is behind the metallic cylinder that is left of the yellow cylinder behind the small gray matte object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: aluminum
There is a large object; is its color the same as the object that is to the left of the tiny blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other things that have the same size as the blue ball? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the size of the metallic cylinder that is both to the right of the green rubber object and behind the small red shiny cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
There is a purple thing that is the same material as the blue cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Do the tiny purple cylinder and the small purple ball in front of the large blue thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a large rubber sphere in front of the tiny block on the left side of the green rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red object that is the same shape as the small purple metallic object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a small metal cylinder behind the blue matte thing; how many metallic cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is there anything else that is the same color as the large object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there is nothing else that is the same color as the large object.
How many objects are either red metal cylinders or small red metal objects that are to the left of the small blue metallic cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three red metal cylinders or small red metal objects that are to the left of the small blue metallic cylinder.
There is a thing that is the same color as the rubber ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there fewer brown objects to the left of the red cylinder than large brown metallic cubes on the right side of the tiny brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there fewer small blue metallic balls in front of the small blue shiny object than spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a brown block behind the big cyan rubber object to the right of the sphere on the left side of the gray metal thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: rubber
How many things are shiny cubes that are behind the small brown thing or big brown things that are behind the small gray cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are four shiny cubes that are behind the small brown thing or big brown things that are behind the small gray cylinder.
There is a red thing that is the same shape as the tiny gray object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of shiny objects are big brown objects or brown things? Answer: 2. Output: There are five shiny objects and four big brown objects or brown things.
What is the shape of the large brown object that is made of the same material as the tiny sphere? Answer: cube. Output: The large brown object that is made of the same material as the tiny sphere is a cube.
How many large blue shiny objects are the same shape as the gray shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: There is one large blue shiny object that is the same shape as the gray shiny object.
Do the blue shiny thing that is right of the big red metal cube and the large blue thing on the left side of the big brown shiny cube have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many objects are blue cubes or large rubber things? Answer: 2. Output: There are two blue cubes or large rubber things in the image.
Are there any gray objects of the same shape as the tiny brown rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several gray objects of the same shape as the tiny brown rubber object.
There is a matte sphere that is in front of the yellow cylinder; is its color the same as the tiny rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
The large metallic object that is left of the large matte thing to the right of the small gray thing is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there a gray sphere that has the same size as the yellow shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a gray sphere that has the same size as the yellow shiny object.
Are there fewer large gray rubber things than big gray spheres? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What is the shape of the red matte thing that is right of the tiny red object that is behind the tiny red rubber object that is in front of the big gray shiny block? Answer: cube. Output: cylindrical
What number of things are either big things that are behind the yellow object or matte cubes that are to the right of the metallic ball? Answer: 5. Output: three
Are there any rubber spheres on the right side of the red block? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of objects are either matte objects that are in front of the small brown sphere or balls? Answer: 6. Output: five
What is the color of the tiny sphere that is the same material as the purple cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: Green
What number of cylinders are either brown objects or big objects? Answer: 4. Output: 5
What number of things are tiny gray metallic objects or cylinders that are on the right side of the blue thing? Answer: 1. Output: five
Are any big brown matte objects visible? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big brown matte objects visible.
What number of cylinders are the same color as the rubber sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the material of the big thing that is the same color as the rubber sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the big thing that is the same color as the rubber sphere is metal.
There is a purple object behind the tiny metallic cylinder behind the cyan cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a object that has the same material as the yellow sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a green sphere that has the same material as the yellow sphere.
What is the material of the blue block that is the same size as the yellow metal sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the blue block that is the same size as the yellow metal sphere is plastic.
Does the tiny matte object left of the yellow shiny ball have the same color as the big metallic cylinder behind the big red cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large red sphere; how many large blue cubes are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many other things are there of the same size as the purple matte sphere? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other things of the same size as the purple matte sphere.
Does the block behind the large sphere have the same material as the big object behind the small metal cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cylinder that is the same size as the purple thing; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: green
Is there anything else of the same color as the matte cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the matte cube is the only one of its color.
How big is the green thing that is on the left side of the big object that is in front of the large cylinder in front of the gray object? Answer: small. Output: the green thing is about the size of a soccer ball
What is the color of the thing that is both behind the blue sphere and to the left of the large sphere? Answer: green. Output: Green
There is a green metal object on the left side of the small brown matte thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many small things have the same material as the tiny green block? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a object that is the same color as the big cube; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
The tiny cylinder on the right side of the small yellow rubber object that is on the right side of the small yellow shiny cylinder is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What material is the other tiny object that is the same shape as the blue rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any big green metallic objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a big green metallic object.
There is a large gray thing that is made of the same material as the tiny green object; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
What is the material of the brown cylinder that is in front of the gray sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the brown cylinder that is in front of the gray sphere is plastic.
Does the big object that is behind the large cylinder have the same color as the big shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a yellow thing behind the small yellow cylinder that is to the left of the tiny yellow matte cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of tiny yellow metallic things that are on the left side of the large gray matte thing greater than the number of brown objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a ball that is on the right side of the yellow shiny thing; is it the same size as the tiny green matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metallic cylinder that is on the left side of the matte cylinder and in front of the small brown rubber ball; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: green
How many other things are the same shape as the large gray metallic thing? Answer: 4. Output: 3
What is the size of the ball that is the same color as the big shiny cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the ball that is the same color as the big shiny cylinder is small.
Does the red thing on the left side of the yellow sphere have the same size as the cube that is on the right side of the tiny brown shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of small matte spheres are the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: one
There is a object that is the same color as the large matte ball; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the number of large spheres that are on the right side of the red rubber cylinder greater than the number of green metal blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the red metallic thing the same shape as the tiny yellow rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of large green cylinders have the same material as the tiny brown block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a red matte object that is the same shape as the gray metal object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the brown object the same size as the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, the brown object is smaller than the matte cylinder.
How many objects are green rubber objects or purple rubber objects on the right side of the tiny gray cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: two
There is a purple matte ball that is in front of the gray cylinder; are there any purple matte things to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the big metal object that is behind the tiny gray shiny cylinder? Answer: brown. Output: The big metal object that is behind the tiny gray shiny cylinder is purple.
Are there an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the tiny purple cube and tiny red things. Yes, there are an equal number of purple balls that are behind the
What shape is the purple object that is both left of the big brown shiny cylinder and in front of the tiny purple rubber sphere? Answer: cube. Output: cube
The small rubber thing that is the same shape as the small red shiny thing is what color? Answer: purple. Output: red
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another sphere that is the same color as the metallic sphere.
What is the shape of the big purple thing in front of the large matte object on the left side of the big matte object that is on the right side of the small green matte cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
There is a matte block on the right side of the tiny red metallic ball; is its size the same as the shiny thing that is behind the gray metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many green blocks have the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The rubber object that is the same color as the tiny metal ball is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of other objects are the same shape as the blue metallic thing? Answer: 4. Output: 1
Are there more big cyan matte objects to the left of the big gray sphere than tiny purple rubber blocks to the right of the small yellow rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same size as the green block? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a large object that is to the left of the small yellow ball; does it have the same color as the small rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of rubber things behind the blue metal object greater than the number of small green matte things? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there anything else that is the same color as the large rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the shape of the large shiny object in front of the matte cube that is in front of the purple matte block? Answer: sphere. Output: The large shiny object in front of the matte cube that is in front of the purple matte block is a sphere.
Are there more tiny yellow spheres than tiny green objects? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of things are both behind the red thing and in front of the small shiny sphere? Answer: 7. Output: 2
There is a cyan object that is right of the large rubber ball behind the big green ball in front of the large brown thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
There is a small green shiny thing to the left of the big brown thing; is it the same shape as the thing that is in front of the big purple object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a small yellow cylinder that has the same material as the cyan cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a big rubber sphere behind the thing that is left of the cube in front of the cyan shiny object; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: purple
Is the material of the red cylinder that is in front of the large brown thing the same as the brown thing on the right side of the purple rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the tiny red metallic thing that is behind the large purple object? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What number of things are big purple spheres or tiny green metal cylinders behind the large purple object? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are the cyan cylinder and the big purple sphere made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, they are not made of the same material. The cyan cylinder and the big purple sphere are made of different materials.
Is the number of big cyan things that are behind the brown matte sphere the same as the number of small green cylinders that are behind the purple ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cylinders are behind the small red block? Answer: 3. Output: 1
What is the material of the other block that is the same color as the small metallic cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the other block that is the same color as the small metallic cube is plastic.
What number of big things are rubber cylinders or blue matte objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the number of tiny metal blocks greater than the number of small shiny things? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the tiny gray ball and the small green ball have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the small gray object? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there more red things that are to the left of the small metal block than cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the large ball and the matte sphere have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No, the large ball and the matte sphere have different colors.
How many purple rubber objects are the same shape as the tiny cyan metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a gray cube that is made of the same material as the gray sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a large shiny thing that is both in front of the green cylinder and on the left side of the tiny matte thing; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: blue
There is a big rubber object left of the small metallic sphere on the right side of the blue matte object; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
There is a yellow sphere; what number of small cyan spheres are to the right of it? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is the small yellow ball made of the same material as the big green object on the left side of the blue rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a red matte sphere of the same size as the brown metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red matte sphere of the same size as the brown metallic ball.
Is the number of green shiny cylinders to the right of the cyan matte ball the same as the number of big rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: no
The cyan sphere has what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
What number of matte objects are behind the large green thing that is to the right of the yellow sphere? Answer: 2. Output: three
What shape is the object that is both behind the big gray rubber cube and to the left of the cyan sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: hexagonal
How many tiny metallic balls have the same color as the large rubber ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny metallic balls that have the same color as the large rubber ball.
There is a tiny sphere in front of the green metal thing that is on the right side of the small cylinder; are there any gray cubes that are in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What shape is the large purple object that is made of the same material as the tiny purple sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
What number of other things are the same shape as the big purple object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a red rubber cylinder; what number of small purple things are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a red cylinder on the left side of the large purple ball; is it the same size as the cyan thing on the right side of the red matte cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the red block? Answer: 5. Output: 5
What is the material of the small red cylinder that is to the right of the purple rubber cylinder that is to the right of the red object left of the small red rubber cube? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a red cube; is its size the same as the purple rubber sphere in front of the big purple sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a cyan rubber object that is behind the tiny matte sphere and left of the tiny cyan rubber cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there any large matte cylinders of the same color as the tiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large matte cylinders of the same color as the tiny sphere.
There is a small rubber cylinder on the right side of the small cyan matte thing behind the small purple rubber ball; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: red
There is a object that is on the left side of the small green cube and in front of the large brown metallic thing; what material is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: The object that is on the left side of the small green cube and in front of the large brown metallic thing is made of metal.
Is the number of big yellow metal things that are right of the small brown rubber object greater than the number of brown metallic things that are in front of the large shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of big yellow metal things that are right of the small brown rubber object is greater than the number of brown metallic things that are in front of the large shiny block.
Are there any red cubes of the same size as the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the size of the purple thing left of the matte block in front of the small purple thing that is in front of the blue rubber thing? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
The big block has what color? Answer: brown. Output: gold.
Are there more small metallic cylinders that are on the right side of the big green metallic sphere than large green shiny balls? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more small metallic cylinders on the right side of the big green metallic sphere than large green shiny balls.
There is a yellow thing; what number of purple shiny spheres are left of it? Answer: 1. Output: 2
There is a metal object that is the same color as the metallic cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Is there a tiny matte thing left of the thing right of the purple thing that is right of the large yellow shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the brown block have the same size as the purple matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a cyan cube of the same size as the purple metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a cyan cube of the same size as the purple metallic cube.
What material is the cyan object that is the same size as the cyan metallic cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The cyan object that is the same size as the cyan metallic cube is made of plastic.
The rubber object that is to the left of the blue metal thing and right of the big red rubber cube has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What is the color of the rubber block on the left side of the big cyan matte cube? Answer: red. Output: blue
How big is the block that is both right of the large red rubber block and on the left side of the yellow shiny object? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
Does the cyan cylinder have the same material as the large thing that is left of the red cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many red objects have the same shape as the cyan matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What material is the big cube that is the same color as the sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The big cube that is the same color as the sphere is made of metal.
How many large yellow matte spheres are there? Answer: 0. Output: There are three large yellow matte spheres.
There is a small red object; is its shape the same as the big metal thing in front of the big blue ball? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are in front of the tiny blue metal thing and on the left side of the large gray shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects in front of the tiny blue metal thing and on the left side of the large gray shiny object.
How big is the red shiny cylinder that is in front of the big metallic sphere behind the large red metallic block? Answer: large. Output: The red shiny cylinder that is in front of the big metallic sphere behind the large red metallic block is quite small.
Is the number of gray things that are in front of the tiny blue cube less than the number of large gray metal things that are in front of the blue metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of gray things that are in front of the tiny blue cube is less than the number of large gray metal things that are in front of the blue metallic thing.
There is a tiny matte cube on the right side of the yellow metal object; does it have the same color as the shiny cube on the left side of the red shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the large red thing that is behind the tiny blue rubber thing and in front of the tiny green thing? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there a big red shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The brown object that is made of the same material as the red cube is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
There is a small blue metal object; is its shape the same as the red thing that is right of the green block? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the cylinder on the right side of the red shiny cylinder that is left of the small green block? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the yellow shiny thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects of the same shape as the yellow shiny thing.
The blue metal thing has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Are there more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere. Yes, there are more yellow matte blocks behind the tiny cyan matte block than tiny things in front of the cyan sphere.
There is a metallic block in front of the tiny cyan cube; does it have the same color as the tiny thing to the right of the red metal block? Answer: no. Output: yes
What shape is the cyan matte thing that is the same size as the yellow rubber thing? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Is there a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cyan rubber object. Yes, there is a large object of the same shape as the small cy
Is the material of the small yellow thing behind the yellow shiny thing the same as the large ball behind the large purple metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No, the material of the small yellow thing behind the yellow shiny thing is different from the large ball behind the large purple metal thing.
There is a small thing that is the same color as the tiny matte ball; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
How many yellow cubes have the same material as the large brown object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two yellow cubes that have the same material as the large brown object.
What color is the rubber sphere? Answer: blue. Output: purple
Does the large shiny thing that is in front of the red cube have the same shape as the small yellow thing that is on the right side of the small yellow sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the blue metallic thing and the small brown metallic thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the metallic sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the metallic sphere is not specified in the image.
Is the number of large balls that are on the left side of the small purple cylinder greater than the number of blue metallic objects that are behind the block? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a blue metal object; are there any small metal blocks on the right side of it? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any purple rubber balls of the same size as the brown sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple rubber ball of the same size as the brown sphere.
There is a tiny cube that is made of the same material as the large cylinder; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
What is the material of the small brown ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The small brown ball is made of plastic.
There is a big matte thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of other small metallic cubes have the same color as the tiny block? Answer: 0. Output: one
There is a small cylinder behind the red sphere left of the red thing that is to the right of the large metal cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
The block that is in front of the small red cylinder and behind the big cyan block is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
Do the yellow metal thing and the block behind the cyan sphere have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are any gray cylinders visible? Answer: no. Output: Yes
There is another large thing that is the same shape as the gray shiny object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What size is the purple metallic object in front of the purple metallic cube behind the big thing on the left side of the big cyan metal object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the purple metallic object in front of the purple metallic cube behind the big thing on the left side of the big cyan metal object is not specified.
Are there any purple spheres behind the small purple cube? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no purple spheres behind the small purple cube.
What is the size of the yellow thing that is made of the same material as the tiny gray thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the yellow thing that is made of the same material as the tiny gray thing is much larger.
What number of red rubber things are the same shape as the green rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the big green sphere made of the same material as the small block in front of the small cyan object? Answer: no. Output: No, the big green sphere is not made of the same material as the small block in front of the small cyan object. The big green sphere is made of metal, while the small block in front of the small cyan object is made of plastic.
Are there more large green matte balls that are on the left side of the yellow cylinder than green metallic cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a rubber cylinder to the left of the red thing; does it have the same color as the tiny shiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the cyan cylinder have the same size as the blue metal block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the green shiny thing that is the same size as the blue metal block? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a cyan rubber thing behind the red thing; does it have the same size as the tiny green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a ball that is the same size as the green metallic block; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a small yellow thing behind the cyan metal cube that is to the left of the large rubber cylinder; is there a brown thing to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the tiny green shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a tiny metallic object to the right of the small yellow metallic sphere; does it have the same color as the small cylinder on the left side of the tiny blue cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a small cyan rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the material of the small sphere that is the same color as the large block? Answer: metal. Output: The small sphere that is the same color as the large block is made of metal.
Do the tiny purple thing and the large block that is behind the brown ball have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
How many metallic things are either small brown balls or blue cubes? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metallic things that are either small brown balls or blue cubes.
There is a rubber sphere that is on the left side of the shiny cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a gray ball that is made of the same material as the big brown thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many objects have the same color as the metal cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three objects that have the same color as the metal cylinder.
Are any large blue cubes visible? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Does the small purple shiny thing have the same shape as the tiny brown matte thing behind the blue object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big block right of the small brown cylinder that is in front of the big ball right of the big brown block; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: blue
Are there any matte cylinders on the right side of the tiny gray matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a matte cube that is the same color as the matte cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there anything else that has the same size as the green rubber object? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of big objects are red shiny objects or blue blocks? Answer: 0. Output: There are three red shiny objects and one blue block.
Are there fewer gray shiny cylinders to the left of the matte block than tiny red spheres that are in front of the red metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of things are either large gray rubber objects or small gray things? Answer: 1. Output: 10
There is a brown thing; how many cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 4. Output: 2
Is the big thing the same color as the tiny rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: no
The tiny red thing that is made of the same material as the small cube is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Does the tiny thing that is on the left side of the yellow matte cube have the same shape as the gray object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of blue objects are either large rubber balls or metal cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Is the number of small blue objects in front of the blue metallic ball the same as the number of large objects behind the red matte ball? Answer: no. Output: No
What size is the gray rubber object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the gray rubber object is not specified in the image.
There is a large thing that is the same color as the tiny rubber object; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there more cyan rubber objects than small blocks? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the color of the tiny block in front of the rubber object that is in front of the cyan thing on the left side of the cyan shiny ball? Answer: gray. Output: The tiny block in front of the rubber object that is in front of the cyan thing on the left side of the cyan shiny ball is green.
Does the rubber object left of the tiny cyan rubber object have the same shape as the large cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the matte cylinder that is the same size as the green metallic sphere? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the matte cylinder that is the same size as the green metallic sphere is silver.
What number of large cyan spheres are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the material of the cyan object behind the small blue block the same as the gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a large object that is left of the tiny blue sphere and to the right of the large cyan shiny sphere; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a thing that is the same color as the small matte cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many objects are either purple shiny things left of the red sphere or shiny cylinders that are to the left of the blue cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
Do the red object and the green block have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there more purple objects than metal objects? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of other things are the same color as the small rubber ball? Answer: 1. Output: 0
How many things are big things or purple rubber spheres? Answer: 5. Output: There are three big things or purple rubber spheres in the image.
There is a brown metal object that is behind the small ball; does it have the same shape as the big green object? Answer: yes. Output: no 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the color of the large metallic block that is in front of the matte sphere right of the tiny green rubber cylinder? Answer: green. Output: gold
Is the number of big green metal objects less than the number of brown cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any tiny yellow cylinders that have the same material as the blue object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny yellow cylinders that have the same material as the blue object.
Do the large red metallic object and the small rubber object that is on the left side of the blue cylinder have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the large rubber sphere have the same color as the small rubber cylinder left of the large blue metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the matte thing that is the same color as the metallic ball? Answer: large. Output: The size of the matte thing that is the same color as the metallic ball is not specified.
What is the material of the big object that is the same color as the big metal ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The big object that is the same color as the big metal ball is made of metal.
Are there any balls of the same color as the matte block? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the material of the tiny cylinder that is behind the tiny brown thing on the right side of the small purple thing? Answer: rubber. Output: aluminum
How many cyan objects have the same shape as the small brown matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the shape of the small purple metallic object? Answer: cube. Output: The small purple metallic object is a sphere.
Are there fewer spheres than gray matte things? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the material of the cyan thing that is the same shape as the small red object? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is the number of cyan matte things greater than the number of purple cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the gray rubber object? Answer: no. Output: No
How many other tiny cubes are made of the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other tiny cubes made of the same material as the yellow cube.
What is the shape of the matte object that is the same color as the small rubber cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
Does the red object on the left side of the small blue metal object have the same shape as the big gray object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a sphere that is made of the same material as the tiny yellow cylinder; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: blue
There is a cyan block in front of the cyan rubber object that is behind the blue block; are there any yellow metallic things that are on the left side of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
The blue thing has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there fewer tiny blue metallic things to the left of the small yellow cube than large green rubber spheres? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any blue objects of the same shape as the yellow metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue object of the same shape as the yellow metal thing.
What is the shape of the yellow matte thing that is the same size as the blue metallic object? Answer: cube. Output: The yellow matte thing that is the same size as the blue metallic object is a cylinder.
What number of other things are the same size as the purple cube? Answer: 6. Output: 0
How many green objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the cube behind the big gray object have the same material as the small gray cylinder right of the blue block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the small gray cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The small gray cylinder is made of plastic.
How many tiny red objects have the same material as the large cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are two tiny red objects that have the same material as the large cube.
What number of rubber things are gray objects or blue objects? Answer: 3. Output: 0
Do the matte thing right of the big gray sphere and the shiny thing in front of the large brown rubber object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metal object that is behind the tiny rubber cube and to the left of the large gray object; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a cyan shiny thing left of the cyan block; is it the same size as the red rubber sphere on the right side of the big blue block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of tiny brown rubber objects have the same shape as the red metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What number of large yellow rubber blocks are there? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How big is the metallic object that is right of the yellow shiny object and behind the tiny cyan thing? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
What is the shape of the yellow matte thing that is the same size as the green metallic thing? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Is there a rubber object right of the brown cylinder left of the gray matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the other tiny rubber thing that is the same shape as the green thing? Answer: cyan. Output: red
There is a big object to the right of the small matte sphere; is it the same color as the large cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are either blue metal objects that are left of the yellow metal cylinder or green metal objects? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a tiny red object behind the tiny matte cylinder that is to the left of the ball left of the tiny cyan rubber sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is the number of tiny green metal objects that are on the right side of the brown rubber cylinder greater than the number of small yellow objects behind the small yellow block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other things of the same color as the small metal sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no other things of the same color as the small metal sphere.
There is a red cylinder on the right side of the big blue matte block; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How big is the red shiny object that is in front of the red metal object that is left of the tiny red thing behind the large red metal object? Answer: small. Output: The red shiny object that is in front of the red metal object that is left of the tiny red thing behind the large red metal object is quite small.
There is a small shiny thing that is in front of the large cylinder behind the tiny green block; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: gold
There is another tiny thing that is the same shape as the yellow object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a big yellow metallic ball; are there any red shiny balls behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many gray balls are there? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a small cube on the left side of the small green matte block; what number of cyan rubber things are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a tiny cylinder; is it the same color as the tiny cube to the left of the green cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other tiny shiny things have the same shape as the cyan object? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is there a yellow shiny object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metallic block on the left side of the big green rubber cylinder; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: purple
Do the green matte cylinder and the purple metal object to the right of the large red rubber block have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a cylinder that is left of the brown matte cylinder and on the right side of the tiny purple metallic thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any large brown things made of the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large brown things made of the same material as the gray cylinder.
There is a tiny gray rubber object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Does the red matte object have the same size as the purple metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other objects are the same shape as the small purple object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the shape of the small gray thing that is in front of the tiny gray cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: square
There is a large rubber object that is in front of the large purple metal thing; does it have the same shape as the green metal object to the right of the tiny gray matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any matte things? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the other large object that is made of the same material as the big cyan thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Do the yellow metal thing and the tiny cyan thing that is on the right side of the tiny brown shiny sphere have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large thing that is behind the object that is in front of the yellow metal object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: The large thing that is behind the object that is in front of the yellow metal object is a sphere.
What number of other objects are the same shape as the yellow metal thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
There is a brown thing that is left of the rubber cube; is it the same shape as the tiny metal thing in front of the small gray metal object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same material as the big sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several smaller spheres that have the same material as the big sphere.
What is the material of the yellow ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The yellow ball is made of plastic.
What is the material of the small block in front of the cyan rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: The small block in front of the cyan rubber object is made of metal.
Are there any other things of the same color as the tiny matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several other things of the same color as the tiny matte cylinder.
Does the big brown object that is behind the cyan object have the same material as the big object that is on the left side of the gray cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a brown cylinder behind the brown thing that is in front of the small red metal object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the brown thing that is to the left of the small brown matte object made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many objects are either brown metal things on the right side of the gray cube or large metallic balls right of the gray block? Answer: 2. Output: There are two brown metal things on the right side of the gray cube, and there are three large metallic balls right of the gray block.
There is a small red object that is the same shape as the small green matte object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a big shiny object that is in front of the large green sphere; is it the same color as the tiny thing that is in front of the red ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a green cylinder of the same size as the red metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a green cylinder of the same size as the red metallic sphere.
There is a brown object that is in front of the small green rubber sphere and behind the brown rubber cylinder; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of metal objects are large brown objects or tiny spheres? Answer: 3. Output: There is one large brown object and several tiny spheres in the image.
What is the shape of the big brown thing that is the same material as the tiny green ball? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What shape is the tiny gray object that is the same material as the small blue cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there anything else of the same color as the small matte block? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a tiny purple object that is the same shape as the large gray object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many other things are there of the same size as the cyan rubber block? Answer: 6. Output: 5
What material is the tiny gray sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny gray sphere is made of metal.
Are there more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny purple spheres in front of the small cyan cube than shiny things.
Are there any big red blocks? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same shape as the tiny green rubber thing? Answer: 3. Output: 0
There is a big metallic object that is behind the purple rubber ball; is its color the same as the tiny cylinder that is in front of the tiny green sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a green shiny ball behind the gray matte thing behind the big gray matte object that is in front of the small blue thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a tiny matte sphere that is in front of the tiny yellow thing that is left of the big thing; how many tiny brown rubber things are to the left of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
The yellow thing that is behind the big yellow block and on the left side of the gray sphere is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What is the color of the large cube? Answer: yellow. Output: The large cube is gold.
Are there more brown blocks that are on the left side of the brown shiny cube than tiny yellow rubber things that are on the left side of the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny rubber cube that is left of the cyan cube; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Do the yellow block that is right of the small cylinder and the yellow shiny block that is in front of the small brown shiny object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many objects are either cyan rubber things or tiny gray metallic objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are four objects that are either cyan rubber things or tiny gray metallic objects.
There is a yellow block on the right side of the small brown thing that is to the left of the tiny blue matte block; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many other small gray things have the same shape as the tiny gray matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is there a small metal block of the same color as the big block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small metal block of the same color as the big block.
There is a purple thing on the right side of the purple block that is on the left side of the brown rubber sphere; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the small purple metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects of the same shape as the small purple metallic object.
There is a tiny yellow object; are there any purple metal things left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the tiny block? Answer: purple. Output: The tiny block is blue.
There is a big block; is it the same color as the small thing that is behind the small shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a red matte object that has the same size as the red matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red matte object that has the same size as the red matte sphere.
What is the size of the other cube that is the same color as the tiny metal cube? Answer: large. Output: The size of the other cube that is the same color as the tiny metal cube is much larger.
There is a brown thing on the left side of the large brown matte ball; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are there the same number of small purple shiny cubes right of the blue matte sphere and large blue matte things that are in front of the large cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of small purple shiny cubes right of the blue matte sphere and large blue matte things that are in front of the large cube.
Does the cylinder that is in front of the brown sphere have the same size as the purple cube to the right of the yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the large cyan shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a blue rubber object that is the same size as the metal cube; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many things are either small rubber blocks behind the green matte thing or big green matte things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small rubber blocks behind the green matte thing and one big green matte thing.
Is the color of the small rubber ball the same as the metallic ball? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the small rubber ball is different from the metallic ball.
There is a sphere that is right of the yellow shiny thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a green object that has the same size as the red rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Do the cylinder that is left of the cyan object and the big cyan object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the size of the gray matte block? Answer: large. Output: The size of the gray matte block is not specified.
What is the color of the small cube that is on the right side of the yellow object in front of the yellow matte cube that is behind the tiny blue metal ball? Answer: yellow. Output: The small cube that is on the right side of the yellow object in front of the yellow matte cube that is behind the tiny blue metal ball is green.
There is a tiny cube that is in front of the shiny sphere; is it the same color as the tiny shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the rubber thing behind the small cube behind the shiny cube that is in front of the cyan metallic block? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there more cylinders that are behind the cyan block than tiny metallic blocks? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a cyan metal object; is it the same shape as the cyan thing in front of the small red rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large thing that is the same color as the metal ball; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many large metallic cylinders are behind the small matte object behind the cyan thing that is to the left of the small red block? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large metallic cylinders behind the small matte object behind the cyan thing that is to the left of the small red block.
What is the color of the cylinder that is the same size as the red thing? Answer: blue. Output: Green
There is a green shiny object that is on the left side of the cyan thing that is in front of the cyan shiny cube; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the size of the object that is the same color as the large cube? Answer: small. Output: The size of the object that is the same color as the large cube is small.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the matte sphere? Answer: 5. Output: 5
What number of small rubber balls are there? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the size of the gray shiny ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the gray shiny ball is not specified in the image.
Are there fewer large purple blocks that are to the left of the large object than small gray metal objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other spheres have the same size as the ball? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a shiny object that is the same color as the shiny ball; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the color of the small cube to the left of the blue metallic cube the same as the tiny metallic block in front of the red object? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the small cube to the left of the blue metallic cube is different from the tiny metallic block in front of the red object.
How many yellow rubber cubes are left of the tiny blue metal block? Answer: 1. Output: There are three yellow rubber cubes left of the tiny blue metal block.
What size is the shiny thing that is the same color as the small metallic sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the shiny thing that is the same color as the small metallic sphere is not specified in the image.
Is there a small blue metal thing that has the same shape as the tiny green metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the shiny cylinder that is the same size as the gray block? Answer: brown. Output: The shiny cylinder that is the same size as the gray block is silver.
Is the number of tiny gray balls that are behind the small gray metal cube less than the number of yellow rubber blocks that are behind the tiny blue metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of tiny gray balls that are behind the small gray metal cube is less than the number of yellow rubber blocks that are behind the tiny blue metal cube.
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the small green thing? Answer: 4. Output: 0
There is a small rubber block right of the big rubber ball; is its color the same as the thing behind the cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of large things are red metal spheres or purple objects? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a blue thing that is the same shape as the tiny green matte object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The purple thing that is behind the small metallic thing that is on the left side of the big sphere is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of rubber objects are either large purple spheres or red things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What color is the big rubber thing that is the same shape as the blue shiny thing? Answer: red. Output: red
What number of tiny rubber spheres are the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Are there any small green matte blocks that are to the left of the brown cube to the left of the big purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the yellow matte object that is the same size as the blue metal ball? Answer: cylinder. Output: The yellow matte object that is the same size as the blue metal ball is a sphere.
There is a big ball behind the cyan thing; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: red
What number of objects are either rubber cylinders that are behind the small yellow matte thing or things that are behind the red matte ball? Answer: 6. Output: three
Does the red cylinder have the same size as the rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many blocks are small metallic things or small green shiny things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small metallic things or small green shiny things.
What number of objects are to the right of the green metal object and in front of the big red metallic thing? Answer: 6. Output: three
There is a blue shiny object; is its size the same as the rubber cube left of the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big red object behind the purple ball that is left of the green thing; are there any green things behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red object in front of the cylinder that is behind the cyan object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What is the material of the small object that is both behind the red matte cylinder and to the left of the blue metal ball? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the small object that is both behind the red matte cylinder and to the left of the blue metal ball is plastic.
There is a big gray thing right of the big gray rubber cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is another rubber object that is the same shape as the tiny rubber thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many tiny purple metallic spheres are behind the big rubber object in front of the large block in front of the large sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny purple metallic spheres behind the big rubber object in front of the large block in front of the large sphere.
Are there an equal number of small things on the left side of the large red cylinder and brown cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cylinders are either tiny blue metallic things or tiny purple objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Does the matte cylinder have the same color as the tiny metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there an equal number of matte cylinders on the left side of the tiny rubber block and small matte things that are behind the red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The small rubber object has what color? Answer: purple. Output: The small rubber object has a red color.
How many things are either big cylinders behind the large matte cylinder or big cubes? Answer: 3. Output: There are three big cylinders behind the large matte cylinder, and two big cubes.
Does the gray object that is in front of the tiny purple rubber cube have the same size as the sphere to the left of the big gray block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the small shiny object that is the same color as the large metallic cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: The small shiny object that is the same color as the large metallic cylinder is a sphere.
Do the metallic cube to the right of the big red thing and the metallic cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the small red object on the right side of the purple object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The small red object on the right side of the purple object is made of metal.
What material is the object that is both behind the metal cylinder and to the right of the small cyan metallic ball? Answer: metal. Output: The object that is both behind the metal cylinder and to the right of the small cyan metallic ball is plastic.
There is a shiny ball in front of the blue ball; is it the same size as the large brown matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the large red shiny thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: rectangular
How many red shiny things are the same shape as the brown object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What number of tiny objects are left of the blue object and to the right of the big brown rubber cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: two
What color is the tiny cylinder? Answer: green. Output: The tiny cylinder is purple.
Are there any big green things made of the same material as the big purple block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big green thing made of the same material as the big purple block.
The cyan thing that is the same material as the red cube is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is there another cylinder of the same color as the big rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many metal objects are yellow things or cyan cubes? Answer: 3. Output: There are three yellow cubes and one cyan cube.
There is a tiny yellow thing that is right of the small green cube; what number of large green objects are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
How many other big blocks are made of the same material as the big cyan cube? Answer: 0. Output: three
How many large objects are either yellow cubes or green rubber cubes? Answer: 0. Output: There are three large objects that are either yellow cubes or green rubber cubes.
What is the shape of the object that is left of the small green metallic object and in front of the yellow cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: square
Is the material of the big green cylinder the same as the large yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the material of the big green cylinder is different from the large yellow cylinder.
What color is the other rubber object that is the same size as the cyan object? Answer: yellow. Output: Green
There is a small thing that is both behind the big yellow rubber cylinder and left of the green matte cube; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: red
What number of other things are there of the same material as the small yellow ball Answer: 5. Output: ? 5
Does the large yellow metallic object that is in front of the big cyan rubber object have the same shape as the rubber object behind the green sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the large ball? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the cylinder that is left of the large cyan rubber cube made of the same material as the large cyan object behind the big purple matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there an equal number of small spheres in front of the yellow ball and large yellow blocks behind the tiny gray rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of small spheres in front of the yellow ball and large yellow blocks behind the tiny gray rubber cube.
There is a yellow object to the right of the tiny rubber sphere; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there fewer tiny green objects than green cylinders? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What shape is the shiny thing that is right of the cyan rubber cube and behind the large cyan rubber block? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What number of big yellow blocks are there? Answer: 2. Output: 1
What is the material of the big cyan thing behind the big matte object that is behind the yellow block that is left of the big metallic sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the big cyan thing behind the big matte object that is behind the yellow block that is left of the big metallic sphere is plastic.
Is the material of the ball that is on the right side of the tiny red sphere the same as the tiny blue ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big thing that is in front of the small shiny thing that is on the right side of the green metallic block; what number of large red metal blocks are to the right of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a big brown object left of the brown shiny ball; is its shape the same as the large cyan rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are big brown balls or big things that are to the left of the green cube? Answer: 3. Output: 2
Are there more large brown metal objects that are on the right side of the small brown object than large blue cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large brown metal objects on the right side of the small brown object than large blue cylinders.
Are there an equal number of big brown metallic balls behind the tiny metal ball and small cyan metallic blocks that are behind the brown matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of big brown metallic balls behind the tiny metal ball and small cyan metallic blocks that are behind the brown matte sphere.
Is there a brown rubber object in front of the brown ball that is behind the tiny metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a brown rubber object in front of the brown ball that is behind the tiny metal sphere.
The big rubber thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a metallic block that is the same color as the metallic cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the size of the red metallic thing that is on the left side of the brown sphere that is left of the blue shiny sphere? Answer: large. Output: small
Does the big cylinder that is behind the green metallic ball have the same material as the blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the small gray thing that is to the left of the gray cylinder that is behind the tiny cyan matte ball? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there more gray matte objects that are on the right side of the brown object than green balls right of the green shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the brown matte thing? Answer: large. Output: The size of the brown matte thing is not specified in the image.
Is the color of the rubber sphere that is in front of the small green metallic object the same as the tiny metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the rubber sphere is not the same as the tiny metallic cylinder.
There is a metallic cylinder in front of the green shiny sphere; is there a cyan matte object that is left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there fewer big things to the left of the big gray thing than cyan matte spheres left of the brown matte object? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the size of the metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny gray rubber cylinder that is right of the gray rubber thing that is to the left of the large brown matte thing? Answer: large. Output: The size of the metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny gray rubber cylinder that is right of the gray rubber thing that is to the left of the large brown matte thing is quite small.
Does the purple thing to the left of the green ball have the same size as the small metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same material as the cyan ball? Answer: 5. Output: 3
The rubber object that is on the right side of the big brown matte ball is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: purple
Does the shiny sphere that is in front of the green block have the same color as the cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the cyan thing that is the same shape as the large green matte object? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many green cubes have the same size as the green rubber sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the shape of the large cyan metallic object? Answer: sphere. Output: The large cyan metallic object is a sphere.
How big is the shiny object that is both on the right side of the large cyan thing and to the left of the tiny green object? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
What is the big sphere on the right side of the big yellow rubber ball made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Does the big shiny cylinder have the same color as the matte ball that is on the left side of the large green sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are large brown objects that are in front of the green rubber ball or big red balls that are behind the tiny cyan metal object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large brown objects that are in front of the green rubber ball or big red balls that are behind the tiny cyan metal object.
There is a object that is behind the tiny brown shiny object and on the right side of the big shiny cylinder; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: purple
How many other objects are the same size as the green block? Answer: 5. Output: 1
Is the color of the big metallic cylinder the same as the big metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the color of the big metallic cylinder is different from the big metal cube.
There is a tiny purple shiny ball to the right of the gray matte object behind the small purple metal object; how many rubber things are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: two
The tiny sphere that is in front of the large rubber cube that is right of the small yellow rubber object is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there a large purple shiny thing that has the same shape as the tiny gray object? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the metallic cube that is the same size as the brown object? Answer: red. Output: The metallic cube that is the same size as the brown object is silver.
What number of things are objects right of the green matte object or small purple shiny spheres to the right of the yellow matte cube? Answer: 8. Output: three
What number of things are brown shiny objects or green objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three brown shiny objects and one green object.
What size is the cube that is both behind the purple sphere and to the left of the red shiny thing? Answer: large. Output: 3x3x3
How many brown things are the same material as the tiny gray cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of big cyan objects have the same material as the red sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of rubber objects are the same size as the purple metallic block? Answer: 1. Output: 0
The large block that is in front of the purple block that is behind the purple object in front of the big green cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: The large block that is in front of the purple block that is behind the purple object in front of the big green cylinder is made of metal.
What number of objects are big red rubber cylinders or small cyan things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there any other things that are the same material as the red sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other things that are the same material as the red sphere. There are several other objects in the image that are made of the same material as the red sphere.
What is the shape of the big green rubber thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a cyan object to the left of the green object to the left of the small yellow thing; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Is the big cylinder that is right of the tiny yellow sphere made of the same material as the tiny red object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cyan objects are either large rubber cylinders or metal spheres? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there any other cubes that have the same color as the tiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other cubes that have the same color as the tiny cube.
There is a small metal thing that is the same color as the tiny matte cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
The cube that is the same material as the big cyan cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10cm
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the tiny matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
The metallic cylinder that is on the right side of the matte cube is what color? Answer: red. Output: blue
Are there any objects in front of the matte object on the right side of the cylinder that is to the right of the matte block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are objects in front of the matte object on the right side of the cylinder that is to the right of the matte block.
Are there more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres. Yes, there are more large metal cylinders on the left side of the large blue matte object than big rubber spheres.
There is a red object that is left of the large blue rubber cylinder; does it have the same shape as the gray shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other things that have the same material as the small red cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other cylinders that have the same material as the small red cylinder.
What number of things are either small metallic objects or shiny things behind the cyan cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: 10
There is a object that is both in front of the large cyan thing and behind the blue cylinder; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of cyan rubber cylinders in front of the cyan cylinder the same as the number of tiny objects that are left of the red sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
The ball that is the same material as the brown block is what color? Answer: gray. Output: red
Is the material of the red ball the same as the tiny cylinder that is on the left side of the yellow rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny block that is both to the right of the red cylinder and behind the yellow cube; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
How many cubes are either tiny red metallic things or purple metallic things? Answer: 1. Output: There are two tiny red metallic things and one purple metallic thing.
Do the big purple metallic object and the small brown matte thing that is left of the big rubber cylinder have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber block that is both behind the shiny sphere and left of the purple metal cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
The tiny gray rubber thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Is there a purple rubber thing left of the small cube on the right side of the large cyan rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large thing behind the big cylinder; how many red metal balls are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: one
Are there any small red metallic spheres on the left side of the tiny shiny cylinder that is to the right of the big shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there another tiny thing of the same shape as the brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the color of the small matte object the same as the big cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the small matte object is different from the big cylinder.
The small cyan object that is in front of the green thing right of the big matte block is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What size is the purple block? Answer: large. Output: The purple block is about the size of a basketball.
There is a purple block that is the same material as the big ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a red metal object that is behind the cyan matte cube; is its size the same as the large green thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the red metal object that is to the left of the green thing that is in front of the cube that is left of the small red metallic block? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
How many objects are tiny shiny cylinders or large objects that are in front of the large brown matte ball? Answer: 4. Output: There are three tiny shiny cylinders or large objects that are in front of the large brown matte ball.
What size is the green cylinder in front of the purple shiny cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the green cylinder in front of the purple shiny cylinder is not specified.
What number of objects are cylinders that are left of the tiny green shiny cylinder or small gray metallic things? Answer: 4. Output: three
What is the size of the blue metallic object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the blue metallic object is not specified in the image.
What material is the small cyan cylinder that is behind the tiny cyan metal cylinder that is to the right of the blue shiny thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a block that is to the left of the purple object; is its size the same as the large rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any metallic balls that have the same color as the tiny block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a metallic ball that has the same color as the tiny block.
What number of things are tiny green metallic cylinders that are to the left of the big green cylinder or big things in front of the green matte cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: three
Is the large matte block the same color as the large matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a big thing that is the same color as the big rubber cube; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are there fewer purple shiny balls that are on the left side of the big purple metallic thing than big cylinders left of the small brown object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the material of the small brown cylinder the same as the large purple sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the small brown cylinder is different from the large purple sphere.
Are there any red cubes that have the same material as the tiny gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are red cubes that have the same material as the tiny gray cylinder.
The big thing that is to the left of the large cyan thing and right of the gray rubber cylinder is what color? Answer: red. Output: blue
How many other objects are the same color as the big metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects that are the same color as the big metal thing.
There is a large object that is to the left of the small cylinder that is to the right of the green rubber object behind the sphere; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of balls are big cyan rubber objects or red objects? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Are there any other things that are the same size as the purple rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a cylinder that is right of the rubber object that is in front of the cyan rubber cylinder; how many rubber cylinders are to the right of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
Do the large blue object and the big cyan thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the material of the cylinder right of the green metal ball the same as the tiny cube that is behind the green matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are either cyan objects that are behind the large cyan matte cylinder or green metallic objects that are behind the tiny brown metal object? Answer: 2. Output: There are two cyan objects that are behind the large cyan matte cylinder, and there is one green metallic object that is behind the tiny brown metal object.
What shape is the large thing that is the same color as the tiny block? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Does the metallic sphere have the same color as the small shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny rubber cylinder that is behind the gray rubber cylinder; does it have the same color as the big metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any shiny things that have the same color as the small metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are shiny things that have the same color as the small metallic sphere. The small metallic sphere has the same color as some of the other shiny objects in the image.
What number of tiny blue cylinders are there? Answer: 1. Output: 0
The shiny object that is both behind the big yellow object and in front of the big metal block has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a tiny metallic thing behind the tiny blue matte thing; is it the same color as the large cylinder in front of the metallic ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the thing that is the same color as the tiny metallic cube? Answer: large. Output: The size of the thing that is the same color as the tiny metallic cube is not specified in the image.
Is there a blue thing made of the same material as the gray sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a blue thing made of the same material as the gray sphere.
Are there the same number of small cyan objects in front of the blue rubber object and large rubber cylinders in front of the yellow metal object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of small cyan objects in front of the blue rubber object and large rubber cylinders in front of the yellow metal object.
The metallic object that is both behind the tiny purple object and in front of the brown matte cylinder has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What number of other things are the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
How many things are tiny yellow balls that are behind the small green cylinder or blue matte objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three tiny yellow balls that are behind the small green cylinder or blue matte objects.
There is a small metal sphere; is it the same color as the sphere that is to the left of the yellow shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the brown object left of the blue object on the right side of the cyan metal thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
How many objects are either small blue balls or yellow spheres on the left side of the small yellow shiny sphere? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small blue balls on the left side of the small yellow shiny sphere.
There is a metal thing that is behind the yellow matte object; is it the same shape as the big brown metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny cylinder that is right of the large brown thing that is on the left side of the large gray shiny object; what number of small matte blocks are right of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
How many objects are tiny metallic cylinders or green metal spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny metallic cylinders and one green metal sphere.
Does the gray object have the same shape as the small blue matte object that is on the left side of the gray metal ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the big shiny thing left of the big green thing have the same shape as the big gray object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any green shiny things behind the small green metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no green shiny things behind the small green metal ball.
How many small objects are metallic spheres or yellow matte things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small objects that are metallic spheres or yellow matte things.
Do the yellow sphere and the cyan ball have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the size of the block that is the same color as the small matte sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the block that is the same color as the small matte sphere is quite small.
Is there a tiny metal object of the same color as the large metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a tiny metal object of the same color as the large metallic sphere.
The cyan ball that is made of the same material as the gray cube is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a tiny thing that is to the right of the large ball that is behind the small metallic cylinder to the left of the big matte cube; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
What is the size of the other rubber object that is the same shape as the tiny yellow rubber thing? Answer: large. Output: 1/4 inch
There is a ball that is on the left side of the large gray matte object and behind the tiny yellow rubber sphere; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any small cubes in front of the large cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are small cubes in front of the large cyan object.
There is a small ball that is the same color as the large matte cube; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a cyan rubber block; is it the same size as the metal object behind the big cyan cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a small shiny sphere that has the same color as the matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small shiny sphere that has the same color as the matte sphere.
Is there a red rubber thing that has the same shape as the large yellow matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the matte thing that is both in front of the large yellow metallic cube and left of the tiny brown matte thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: rectangular
What number of purple things have the same material as the yellow cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there fewer cyan matte cubes that are in front of the tiny blue ball than big purple metal cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a blue rubber sphere to the right of the big shiny thing; is there a small object that is behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the cyan metal thing have the same size as the red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a tiny gray cube in front of the large metal thing that is in front of the large gray block; are there any big metallic objects in front of it? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big metallic objects in front of the small gray cube.
How many big gray objects are made of the same material as the tiny gray object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big gray objects made of the same material as the tiny gray object.
Is the size of the gray block behind the small yellow rubber cylinder the same as the cyan matte cylinder that is in front of the large purple object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the size of the gray block behind the small yellow rubber cylinder is the same as the cyan matte cylinder that is in front of the large purple object.
There is a big cube that is right of the large thing that is behind the tiny brown thing on the right side of the yellow cylinder; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Is there a large green rubber object that has the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Are there the same number of cyan cylinders that are in front of the big yellow shiny sphere and big yellow metallic spheres right of the big purple cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a brown rubber object that is to the right of the small yellow matte cylinder; does it have the same shape as the purple shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the shape of the big purple object the same as the small metal object? Answer: no. Output: No
How many shiny objects are big purple cylinders or tiny gray blocks? Answer: 0. Output: There are two shiny objects that are big purple cylinders.
What material is the other sphere that is the same color as the large metallic sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The other sphere that is the same color as the large metallic sphere is made of plastic.
Is the shape of the large yellow object the same as the tiny green object that is right of the big brown object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are both behind the big matte thing and in front of the big brown metal cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 1
What number of yellow things are metal cylinders or rubber cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the color of the thing that is left of the red rubber object the same as the tiny matte block left of the green matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small rubber cylinder on the right side of the small object on the left side of the green cube that is left of the tiny blue matte cylinder; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: purple
Are there any big brown metallic objects on the left side of the tiny cylinder behind the blue rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a shiny thing that is in front of the big matte cylinder; is it the same shape as the large brown shiny object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the big brown metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many cylinders are either yellow matte objects or red matte objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are two cylinders that are yellow matte objects and one cylinder that is red matte object.
What number of green spheres are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a large metal thing in front of the green metal cylinder; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: silver
Are there any cubes behind the brown metallic thing that is on the right side of the big cyan shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are cubes behind the brown metallic thing on the right side of the big cyan shiny object.
What number of other things are the same color as the small matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a yellow matte thing to the left of the small brown thing; is its size the same as the yellow thing that is in front of the small green ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a shiny cylinder that is behind the tiny object that is to the right of the tiny brown ball; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a small cylinder that is right of the small green cylinder and to the left of the tiny green matte object; what material is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
What color is the tiny metallic block? Answer: green. Output: The tiny metallic block is silver.
What is the shape of the yellow thing that is in front of the tiny matte cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a big thing right of the rubber object left of the yellow cube; is there a rubber sphere that is to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are any blue rubber blocks visible? Answer: no. Output: No
Do the tiny ball and the cyan thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many big rubber objects are in front of the tiny red thing and on the left side of the blue cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: two
How many other objects are there of the same color as the metal sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same color as the metal sphere.
How many red objects are either small metallic things or big metal blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three red objects in the image, two of which are small metallic things and one of which is a big metal block.
What is the size of the blue matte cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the blue matte cylinder is approximately 12 inches in height and 6 inches in diameter.
How many metallic things are either big blue things or yellow spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metallic things that are either big blue things or yellow spheres.
Is the number of large rubber cylinders less than the number of big purple metallic things? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a cyan metallic thing that is the same shape as the tiny red object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the material of the tiny yellow thing that is to the left of the large blue thing the same as the big cylinder that is on the right side of the big green rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer large brown matte things that are behind the blue cylinder than large yellow metallic blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the big brown metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other objects that have the same shape as the big brown metal object. There are several other objects that have the same shape as the big brown metal object, including a red cube, a blue cube, and a yellow cube.
Are the large yellow thing that is to the left of the brown thing and the small cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the matte thing that is both behind the red rubber cylinder and on the left side of the large brown thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a large ball that is left of the cyan cylinder; is there a red metallic thing behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other things are made of the same material as the cyan block? Answer: 5. Output: There are three other things made of the same material as the cyan block.
Is the shape of the big thing on the left side of the blue cube the same as the small cyan metallic object that is in front of the big yellow ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Are the cyan cylinder and the large red thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a cyan thing that is behind the cyan metallic thing in front of the tiny cyan metal cylinder on the left side of the large yellow matte block; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of other things are there of the same color as the big metallic block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The brown object that is the same size as the purple metallic block is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
How many small yellow things have the same shape as the green metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
How big is the cyan matte sphere that is in front of the cyan metallic thing that is behind the large cyan metallic thing that is on the left side of the cyan shiny cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cyan matte sphere that is in front of the cyan metallic thing that is behind the large cyan metallic thing that is on the left side of the cyan shiny cylinder is not specified.
How many gray things are big objects or tiny metallic cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are three gray things in the image, two of which are big objects and one of which is a tiny metallic cylinder.
Does the small cyan thing that is in front of the big cyan matte ball have the same shape as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of cyan rubber spheres in front of the cyan sphere greater than the number of tiny blue matte things? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of cyan metallic cylinders have the same size as the blue ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The shiny thing that is the same color as the large shiny block is what size? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches. The shiny thing that is the same color as the large shiny block is what size? 12 inches.
How many objects are either matte balls or small metal things in front of the tiny gray metallic ball? Answer: 4. Output: There are three objects that are either matte balls or small metal things in front of the tiny gray metallic ball.
There is a thing that is on the left side of the cyan shiny cylinder and in front of the matte ball; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
Does the green object have the same size as the gray metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small cylinder in front of the small ball; are there any big things in front of it? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the matte object that is the same shape as the large purple metal thing? Answer: red. Output: The matte object that is the same shape as the large purple metal thing is green.
What number of cubes have the same color as the ball? Answer: 2. Output: 1
The cylinder that is right of the tiny red matte thing that is right of the red cylinder that is behind the tiny red metallic thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
Does the small block have the same material as the blue block? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the large purple thing and the red metallic thing have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of red metal cylinders in front of the blue object the same as the number of red matte cylinders that are to the right of the big purple object? Answer: no. Output: no
The tiny ball that is the same material as the blue object is what color? Answer: green. Output: green. The tiny ball that is the same material as the red object is what color? red. The tiny ball that is the same material as the green object is what color? green. The tiny ball that is the same material as the purple object is what color? purple. The tiny ball that is the same material as the orange object is what color? orange. The tiny ball that is the same material as the yellow object is what color? yellow. The tiny ball that is the same material as the blue object is what color? blue. The tiny ball that is the same material as the red object is what color? red. The tiny ball that is the same material as the green object is what color? green. The tiny ball that is the same material as the purple object is what color? purple. The tiny ball that is the same material as the orange object is what color? orange. The tiny ball that is the same material as the yellow object is what color? yellow. The tiny ball that is the same material as the blue object is what color? blue. The tiny ball that is the same material as the red object is what color? red. The tiny ball that is the same material as the green object is what color
What number of cylinders are the same material as the purple block? Answer: 2. Output: 1
There is a big metallic thing that is in front of the big purple metallic thing; is it the same color as the rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the big rubber thing that is behind the cube on the right side of the large purple sphere? Answer: blue. Output: red
There is a small metallic thing that is on the right side of the small sphere in front of the small ball that is behind the large purple sphere; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
How big is the metallic object that is in front of the small gray thing and behind the large green object? Answer: small. Output: The metallic object that is in front of the small gray thing and behind the large green object is about the size of a basketball.
What number of other small metal cylinders have the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What is the material of the thing that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the thing that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder is plastic.
What material is the big blue object? Answer: rubber. Output: The big blue object is made of plastic.
Are the big object that is in front of the small red shiny thing and the yellow object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the big object in front of the small red shiny thing and the yellow object are made of different materials.
There is a big metal thing behind the small yellow cube; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the material of the purple sphere that is the same size as the green metallic sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the purple sphere that is the same size as the green metallic sphere is plastic.
What number of objects are balls right of the green cube or objects in front of the tiny purple rubber sphere? Answer: 9. Output: three
There is a tiny matte cylinder; is it the same color as the big cylinder behind the large metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are either cyan cylinders or blocks left of the big blue matte object? Answer: 2. Output: three
How big is the rubber cylinder on the left side of the brown object on the right side of the big blue matte block? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
Are there an equal number of brown objects in front of the small green metallic thing and small metal balls that are behind the large rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of brown objects in front of the small green metallic thing and small metal balls that are behind the large rubber cube.
There is a tiny metal ball left of the blue cylinder; is there a tiny purple ball that is behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the shape of the tiny red thing that is made of the same material as the brown block? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny block behind the matte cylinder that is behind the red matte cube; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there another matte thing that has the same shape as the tiny brown matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the red thing? Answer: 3. Output: 1
Are there an equal number of green balls that are to the left of the big gray metal sphere and purple metallic cubes? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of green balls that are to the left of the big gray metal sphere and purple metallic cubes.
The small shiny thing that is right of the big red object and in front of the purple object has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
There is a metal thing that is the same shape as the small blue rubber thing; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: silver
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the tiny matte object behind the red sphere behind the tiny red object in front of the gray shiny sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: The tiny matte object behind the red sphere behind the tiny red object in front of the gray shiny sphere is a cube.
Do the red metal ball that is in front of the small blue matte cylinder and the cylinder left of the blue cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other small yellow blocks are made of the same material as the small cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a red ball behind the metal cube behind the tiny yellow block; how many red objects are on the left side of it? Answer: 0. Output: one
Is the shape of the red matte thing the same as the small purple metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a tiny blue object of the same shape as the tiny purple object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Do the large matte cylinder and the large rubber block have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the color of the big block on the right side of the big gray cube the same as the big rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that is the same color as the small metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small metallic cube is the only one of its kind.
There is a thing that is the same color as the tiny matte cube; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of big metal objects that are in front of the tiny gray metal thing greater than the number of objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the small brown matte thing have the same shape as the small green metallic object that is in front of the tiny purple matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of gray blocks have the same size as the cyan cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of rubber blocks are to the right of the tiny matte thing left of the big metallic object behind the tiny gray metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there an equal number of tiny green metal cylinders left of the green cylinder and small gray objects behind the cyan object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of tiny green metal cylinders left of the green cylinder and small gray objects behind the cyan object.
How many brown things have the same shape as the yellow shiny object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there any small metallic blocks of the same color as the small rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no small metallic blocks of the same color as the small rubber cube.
Do the small metallic block on the left side of the tiny yellow shiny block and the small rubber block have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are objects in front of the large cyan metal thing or cyan metallic spheres? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects in front of the large cyan metal thing or cyan metallic spheres.
There is a large cyan metallic sphere; are there any small yellow metal things right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the cube that is the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
Is the tiny green thing that is in front of the brown thing made of the same material as the red cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny gray thing on the right side of the small gray rubber cube to the right of the tiny brown sphere; are there any cubes in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cylinders are gray matte things or large shiny objects? Answer: 0. Output: 2
There is a green object in front of the cyan thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Does the small metal cylinder to the right of the big red matte thing have the same color as the metal cylinder that is behind the small gray rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large shiny object in front of the purple thing; how many shiny blocks are to the right of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
What number of spheres are green things or small purple matte objects? Answer: 2. Output: 1
The block that is right of the brown matte cylinder and on the left side of the green matte sphere is what color? Answer: brown. Output: gold
Is there anything else that is the same color as the large rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
The tiny shiny thing right of the big brown object on the right side of the brown matte cylinder is what color? Answer: gray. Output: purple
Do the brown block and the purple object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the material of the big brown object that is right of the big green ball the same as the small yellow thing behind the large brown cube? Answer: no. Output: no
The small yellow rubber thing in front of the shiny cylinder that is behind the large matte thing that is to the left of the gray thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: egg
Is the number of large green metal spheres greater than the number of tiny cyan shiny cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a tiny gray rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: no
How many purple shiny cylinders have the same size as the green rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two purple shiny cylinders that have the same size as the green rubber object.
There is a large ball that is the same color as the big metal cylinder; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a blue object to the right of the large purple cylinder; does it have the same shape as the tiny brown thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer shiny things in front of the blue shiny object than purple balls? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Are there any large balls of the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large balls of the same color as the big cylinder.
There is a large green matte thing; does it have the same shape as the big object that is behind the large shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a ball that has the same material as the big purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any small green metallic cylinders that are in front of the small matte sphere left of the large rubber thing behind the gray shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are small green metallic cylinders in front of the small matte sphere left of the large rubber thing behind the gray shiny object.
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the small blue shiny thing? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other objects of the same shape as the small blue shiny thing.
What is the color of the big rubber thing behind the large matte ball that is right of the cylinder that is behind the large shiny sphere? Answer: green. Output: purple
Are there the same number of big cylinders in front of the small cube and big brown metallic objects behind the purple sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of big cylinders in front of the small cube and behind the purple sphere.
The other big block that is made of the same material as the brown block is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
Do the small metallic cube and the metal cylinder that is behind the small block have the same color? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small metallic cube and the metal cylinder that is behind the small block have the same color. No, the small metallic cube and the metal cylinder that is behind the small block have different colors.
There is a large metal block that is right of the large shiny thing that is in front of the small shiny ball; are there any small purple balls behind it? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small purple balls behind the large metal block.
The tiny blue thing that is the same material as the big brown block is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a blue rubber thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
There is a small object to the left of the big matte cylinder; is its shape the same as the brown shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more big green things in front of the large cylinder than tiny rubber objects that are in front of the big green metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more big green things in front of the large cylinder than tiny rubber objects that are in front of the big green metallic sphere.
How many other objects are the same size as the green matte cylinder? Answer: 4. Output: 0
Are the large yellow ball right of the blue block and the tiny gray cylinder made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metallic cylinder; does it have the same color as the large shiny ball on the left side of the big yellow matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any blocks right of the red thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the matte cylinder that is right of the tiny green rubber cylinder have the same size as the block behind the tiny red cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any blue cubes that have the same size as the green shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are blue cubes that have the same size as the green shiny cylinder.
Is the shape of the tiny metal thing in front of the tiny red rubber block the same as  the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small block in front of the small blue shiny thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What is the shape of the small gray rubber object that is to the left of the tiny purple object that is on the right side of the blue cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
There is a tiny green object; does it have the same shape as the big thing that is behind the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of green things are right of the yellow cylinder that is behind the gray object? Answer: 0. Output: 2
How many other things are there of the same material as the purple block? Answer: 5. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the purple block.
What shape is the purple object that is the same material as the blue thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Do the cyan ball and the cyan cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cube that is to the right of the matte cube behind the yellow rubber object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: 3x3x3
There is a tiny rubber object that is the same color as the tiny rubber block; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many blocks are either yellow matte things or shiny objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three yellow matte things and two shiny objects in the image.
Does the purple rubber object have the same size as the cyan thing behind the big blue cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of brown matte spheres that are to the left of the blue object greater than the number of purple things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cylinder that is the same material as the tiny brown block; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any large metallic cylinders that have the same color as the tiny matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large metallic cylinder that has the same color as the tiny matte ball.
Is the number of red things in front of the green sphere the same as the number of tiny cyan rubber cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the yellow metal ball have the same size as the blue shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
The large thing that is in front of the gray rubber object and on the right side of the blue metal ball is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum.
What number of other small blue shiny objects are the same shape as the blue shiny object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What material is the cyan ball behind the red shiny ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The cyan ball behind the red shiny ball is made of plastic.
Is the number of rubber things behind the small yellow sphere less than the number of cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the large green metallic object have the same shape as the tiny gray matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are any large things visible? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the shape of the tiny gray metallic thing the same as the large metallic thing in front of the large green shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber cube that is the same size as the yellow shiny cube; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: green
Are there fewer brown rubber cylinders that are in front of the small brown thing than small matte objects that are left of the big gray matte object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cyan rubber block that is in front of the gray matte thing that is behind the cyan ball; what number of metallic cubes are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
The cyan matte thing that is the same shape as the small red metal thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there fewer cyan objects that are behind the gray sphere than brown objects? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the tiny green metal thing have the same shape as the red metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
The other large matte thing that is the same shape as the big green object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: blue
How many small things have the same color as the cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 2
What number of things are things behind the tiny green metal thing or metallic cubes? Answer: 8. Output: There are six objects behind the tiny green metal thing or metallic cubes.
What size is the rubber sphere in front of the brown cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the rubber sphere in front of the brown cylinder is not specified.
Are there fewer small metallic objects to the right of the tiny blue rubber thing than small blue metal balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many metallic things are either large cyan blocks or large cubes? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metallic things that are either large cyan blocks or large cubes.
Is the small metal cylinder the same color as the tiny matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there anything else of the same color as the large shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there is nothing else of the same color as the large shiny object.
There is a big rubber object on the left side of the red ball; is its shape the same as the tiny thing that is behind the tiny cyan metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are either large red cylinders or small cyan metallic blocks that are in front of the big red matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large red cylinders and two small cyan metallic blocks in front of the big red matte thing.
What number of other objects are the same size as the blue block? Answer: 6. Output: 0
Are the yellow object that is in front of the blue matte thing and the gray object in front of the tiny metal cylinder made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the yellow object in front of the blue matte thing and the gray object in front of the tiny metal cylinder are made of different materials.
How many large red objects are in front of the small purple metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two large red objects in front of the small purple metallic object.
How many cyan objects are either large rubber objects or cubes? Answer: 2. Output: There is only one cyan object, which is a cube.
What is the shape of the metal thing that is the same color as the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
Is there a red object that has the same material as the small purple object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a red object that has the same material as the small purple object.
Are the gray object on the right side of the purple shiny object and the blue object that is behind the big blue metal block made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the gray object on the right side of the purple shiny object and the blue object that is behind the big blue metal block are made of the same material.
Are there the same number of purple cylinders behind the small matte cube and large gray shiny cylinders to the left of the large blue matte cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of purple cylinders behind the small matte cube and large gray shiny cylinders to the left of the large blue matte cube.
There is a matte cylinder that is the same size as the purple metal cylinder; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: silver
Are there any large metallic balls of the same color as the tiny metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large metallic balls of the same color as the tiny metallic sphere.
How many things are blue blocks that are behind the cyan sphere or small metal spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are three blue blocks behind the cyan sphere or small metal spheres.
How many other objects are there of the same size as the cyan sphere? Answer: 5. Output: There are four other objects of the same size as the cyan sphere.
What material is the cylinder that is behind the gray shiny thing that is right of the blue object behind the cyan object? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
How many blocks are small red metal things or tiny purple things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small red metal things and one tiny purple thing.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the big matte sphere? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there more things than small yellow objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Do the cyan thing and the purple object that is to the right of the tiny brown rubber block have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What color is the big rubber cylinder behind the large purple rubber ball? Answer: blue. Output: The big rubber cylinder behind the large purple rubber ball is blue.
What number of blue things are large matte cylinders or metallic things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
The tiny sphere is what color? Answer: blue. Output: purple.
Are there any other things that have the same material as the purple cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several other objects that have the same material as the purple cube.
Is the number of rubber cylinders that are on the right side of the brown cylinder less than the number of cyan cylinders to the right of the purple matte block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What shape is the rubber thing that is both right of the large blue object and in front of the large gray metallic object? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
How many other big rubber objects are the same shape as the large cyan matte object? Answer: 1. Output: three
How many other things are there of the same shape as the blue object? Answer: 4. Output: 3
How many gray objects are large shiny blocks or large matte things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large shiny blocks or large matte things in the image.
Is the color of the big shiny object behind the tiny matte cylinder the same as the rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The large brown object that is made of the same material as the small ball is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
The shiny thing that is left of the small yellow metallic sphere and behind the green ball is what color? Answer: red. Output: gold
How big is the cylinder that is on the left side of the tiny purple matte thing that is behind the small sphere? Answer: small. Output: 12 inches
Is there a big matte ball of the same color as the large metal ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big matte ball of the same color as the large metal ball.
Are there an equal number of blue things that are behind the small yellow thing and small yellow spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many blue spheres are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a big object that is both on the right side of the large green object and behind the blue matte ball; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there more tiny brown metallic objects that are left of the blue sphere than red shiny objects that are in front of the small block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more tiny brown metallic objects that are left of the blue sphere than red shiny objects that are in front of the small block.
What number of cubes are either blue matte objects or big gray objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of large rubber blocks are to the left of the red matte thing that is in front of the blue object to the right of the blue sphere? Answer: 0. Output: three
What material is the other big cylinder that is the same color as the large rubber cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The other big cylinder that is the same color as the large rubber cylinder is made of metal.
Is the number of cyan matte objects greater than the number of big matte objects? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the size of the yellow matte object the same as the yellow metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the size of the yellow matte object is the same as the yellow metallic cylinder.
What number of things are big cyan rubber spheres or red cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a big metal thing on the left side of the metal cylinder that is behind the gray cylinder that is in front of the gray metallic cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Does the large yellow cylinder right of the small red metallic cylinder have the same material as the gray cylinder that is on the left side of the small gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the material of the other large gray object that is the same shape as the gray rubber object? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the other large gray object that is the same shape as the gray rubber object is plastic.
Do the tiny purple rubber object and the small metal object behind the big cylinder have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are either tiny cylinders that are in front of the tiny brown rubber object or large things in front of the brown rubber thing? Answer: 5. Output: three
What material is the small purple thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The small purple thing is made of plastic.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the blue object? Answer: 4. Output: 1
What size is the cylinder to the right of the blue rubber thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is a small purple cube behind the red metallic object behind the tiny red object that is in front of the small red metallic cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small purple cube behind the red metallic object behind the tiny red object that is in front of the small red metallic cylinder is made of plastic.
Do the blue thing and the big cyan rubber object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of rubber things are either purple blocks or red cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of small cylinders are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a rubber block that is the same size as the brown matte cylinder; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: green
