Do the small shiny object and the matte cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small shiny object and the matte cylinder have different colors.
Are there any tiny matte spheres that have the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny matte spheres that have the same color as the big cylinder.
What number of cylinders are gray objects or tiny brown matte objects? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Are there any large blue metallic things that have the same shape as the small brown matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large blue metallic things that have the same shape as the small brown matte object.
How many other objects are there of the same color as the matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same color as the matte cylinder.
Is the number of brown cylinders in front of the brown matte cylinder less than the number of brown rubber cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of gray matte blocks are there? Answer: 1. Output: 2
What number of other small balls have the same material as the yellow ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of objects are either big objects that are behind the big gray block or tiny brown rubber balls? Answer: 3. Output: three
Are there fewer large purple spheres that are to the right of the big blue thing than tiny brown metal cylinders that are left of the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the shape of the small yellow rubber thing that is in front of the large yellow metal ball that is behind the small matte object? Answer: cube. Output: The small yellow rubber thing that is in front of the large yellow metal ball that is behind the small matte object is a sphere.
There is a rubber object that is left of the yellow block; is it the same size as the tiny rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the tiny matte object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Does the matte object behind the gray metallic ball have the same color as the big rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball has the same color as the big rubber sphere. No, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball does not have the same color as the big rubber sphere. Yes, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball has the same color as the big rubber sphere. No, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball does not have the same color as the big rubber sphere. Yes, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball has the same color as the big rubber sphere. No, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball does not have the same color as the big rubber sphere. Yes, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball has the same color as the big rubber sphere. No, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball does not have the same color as the big rubber sphere. Yes, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball has the same color as the big rubber sphere. No, the matte object behind the gray metallic ball does not have the same color as the big rubber sphere.
Are there any tiny objects that have the same color as the big rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no tiny objects that have the same color as the big rubber object.
How many tiny matte objects are to the left of the small yellow thing? Answer: 0. Output: three
How many other things are the same size as the yellow rubber ball? Answer: 3. Output: 0
Do the large yellow ball behind the small yellow matte cube and the big object that is in front of the big gray shiny sphere have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the large yellow ball behind the small yellow matte cube and the big object that is in front of the big gray shiny sphere have different materials.
What color is the matte ball that is the same size as the gray metal thing? Answer: yellow. Output: The matte ball that is the same size as the gray metal thing is blue.
What size is the yellow ball behind the sphere that is on the right side of the object that is behind the tiny yellow matte thing? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other things are the same shape as the blue metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the small red object that is right of the large purple shiny object and the large object that is in front of the big sphere have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there the same number of balls in front of the tiny cyan metallic cylinder and small gray rubber objects behind the tiny matte block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of balls in front of the tiny cyan metallic cylinder and small gray rubber objects behind the tiny matte block.
The matte thing to the left of the shiny thing in front of the tiny red metal thing that is behind the tiny cyan metallic cylinder is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are the small block that is to the left of the purple cube and the gray thing in front of the tiny cyan shiny thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the small block to the left of the purple cube and the gray thing in front of the tiny cyan shiny thing are made of different materials.
What shape is the small red object right of the small gray cube? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there fewer red balls than big green matte cubes? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Are there any cyan metallic cylinders to the right of the gray cylinder that is on the right side of the tiny red thing that is to the left of the big purple thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many metal things are cyan cylinders or large brown blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are two metal things that are cyan cylinders or large brown blocks.
Does the big sphere have the same color as the tiny rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the material of the ball that is in front of the small shiny thing the same as the tiny yellow block? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of large green things have the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there more yellow matte things that are right of the gray ball than cyan metallic objects? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metallic thing that is the same color as the big matte cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a big yellow object of the same shape as the large gray metal object? Answer: no. Output: No, there is no big yellow object of the same shape as the large gray metal object.
What number of objects are big objects or tiny yellow balls? Answer: 4. Output: 3
There is a gray thing that is on the right side of the cyan rubber thing behind the large cyan cylinder; what number of cyan metallic cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a big cyan object that is the same shape as the large gray metallic object; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What material is the thing that is both behind the big green metal cylinder and on the left side of the small cyan ball? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of tiny yellow matte things on the left side of the small yellow matte object less than the number of cyan metal cylinders that are left of the cyan shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of tiny metallic spheres that are left of the small cyan sphere the same as the number of things? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the purple object and the red rubber cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
How many matte objects are purple objects or tiny brown things? Answer: 2. Output: There are two purple objects and one tiny brown thing in the image.
There is a sphere that is the same size as the brown thing; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the small block? Answer: 4. Output: 3
Is the number of red rubber things that are behind the tiny ball less than the number of cyan metallic balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the shape of the tiny purple thing the same as the red rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a yellow thing behind the yellow matte cylinder right of the yellow matte cylinder to the left of the rubber cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the material of the other red thing that is the same shape as the large rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there any other things that are the same size as the purple matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a object that is the same color as the block; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How many spheres are the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is there a yellow rubber thing that is behind the rubber thing that is behind the big ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many things are tiny purple cylinders or large yellow rubber cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small purple cylinders and one large yellow rubber cylinder.
What is the color of the large rubber thing behind the big object that is on the left side of the large thing behind the big yellow rubber sphere? Answer: brown. Output: The color of the large rubber thing behind the big object that is on the left side of the large thing behind the big yellow rubber sphere is purple.
Are there any other things that are the same color as the small metal block? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no other things that are the same color as the small metal block.
Do the metallic cube and the brown object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No, the metallic cube and the brown object have different sizes.
What number of objects are either metallic cylinders that are in front of the gray cylinder or tiny green things to the right of the green metal cube? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the big object that is on the right side of the matte cylinder that is in front of the cyan cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
How many other things are there of the same material as the purple cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the purple cylinder.
Is the shape of the green rubber object the same as the tiny cyan metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there the same number of small cyan blocks that are left of the small red thing and gray matte cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same material as the tiny red cylinder? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the tiny red cylinder.
There is a red thing that is left of the red cylinder; is it the same size as the shiny cylinder right of the small yellow metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are either small objects to the right of the tiny yellow cylinder or small metallic objects behind the tiny yellow cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small objects to the right of the tiny yellow cylinder and two small metallic objects behind the tiny yellow cylinder.
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the small red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the small rubber cube that is to the right of the large red thing have the same color as the cylinder that is on the left side of the red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of matte objects are large red things or large cyan things? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the red ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
The big thing that is behind the metallic object in front of the small cyan rubber block is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What material is the big object that is left of the big ball behind the sphere in front of the gray object? Answer: rubber. Output: The big object that is left of the big ball behind the sphere in front of the gray object is made of metal.
There is a green thing that is made of the same material as the tiny cyan cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there a big blue metal thing that is behind the rubber object behind the blue shiny object? Answer: no. Output: no
The blue thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many objects are either big shiny spheres or tiny metal cubes? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either big shiny spheres or tiny metal cubes.
Does the yellow object that is on the left side of the gray matte object have the same material as the large red object that is on the right side of the tiny gray sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the tiny ball that is made of the same material as the tiny cylinder? Answer: gray. Output: blue
What number of green matte objects are the same size as the red matte sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 0
How many other objects are the same color as the tiny rubber block? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects that are the same color as the tiny rubber block.
There is a tiny matte object right of the tiny gray matte thing; is its shape the same as the yellow object that is to the left of the small yellow matte cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing that is in front of the small cyan matte sphere and behind the large purple shiny sphere; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What shape is the metal thing to the left of the tiny cyan sphere? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a red object to the left of the cyan cylinder behind the metal sphere; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is there another cyan object that has the same shape as the big cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The matte object that is the same size as the rubber ball is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Are there any tiny things behind the cyan rubber cylinder on the left side of the matte thing right of the cyan ball? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is there a cylinder that has the same size as the green metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a cylinder that has the same size as the green metallic thing. Yes, there is a cylinder that has the same size as the green metallic thing.
What is the size of the cyan thing in front of the large red shiny object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cyan thing in front of the large red shiny object is small.
There is a small rubber cylinder that is on the left side of the block that is on the right side of the cyan thing left of the cyan rubber sphere; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: red
There is a shiny block that is left of the big thing that is behind the tiny cube; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: green
Do the metal block in front of the tiny ball and the tiny object right of the purple matte cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there is a cyan ball made of the same material as the blue thing. Yes, there
What number of objects are large metallic things that are behind the brown ball or objects to the right of the blue object? Answer: 6. Output: three
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the large rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the green thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a metal sphere to the right of the blue metal sphere; is it the same size as the green block? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the cyan thing that is the same shape as the big brown matte object? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of big blue shiny things behind the small gray matte object the same as the number of tiny objects in front of the blue metallic ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of big blue shiny things behind the small gray matte object is the same as the number of tiny objects in front of the blue metallic ball.
There is a purple rubber object that is on the left side of the big brown object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there an equal number of tiny purple objects that are behind the purple cylinder and cyan metallic spheres? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a small ball that is the same color as the shiny thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of other things are there of the same color as the large shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Is the number of things greater than the number of rubber balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the yellow object and the purple ball that is behind the gray block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny sphere behind the small blue matte thing; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What number of blue objects are metal cubes or large metallic objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two blue objects that are metal cubes or large metallic objects.
What color is the small matte block? Answer: yellow. Output: The small matte block is gray.
Are there any other things that have the same material as the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there fewer gray rubber balls to the right of the gray rubber block than metal balls left of the blue rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a thing that is behind the yellow object and on the right side of the big purple sphere; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What is the material of the cylinder that is left of the cyan block and behind the yellow object? Answer: rubber. Output: aluminum
What is the material of the cube that is the same color as the big rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the cube that is the same color as the big rubber thing is plastic.
There is a large matte object; does it have the same color as the metal thing left of the tiny red cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the cyan cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the cyan cylinder is plastic.
How many things are tiny blocks that are in front of the large purple metallic cylinder or metallic things in front of the big block? Answer: 3. Output: There are three tiny blocks that are in front of the large purple metallic cylinder or metallic things in front of the big block.
How many other objects are there of the same color as the large rubber cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same color as the large rubber cylinder.
There is a tiny cyan metal object; is its shape the same as the metal object that is in front of the small yellow matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer large gray things left of the small red metal cube than objects behind the yellow rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cyan thing that is the same shape as the red rubber thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
The small red thing that is the same material as the tiny ball is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What is the size of the brown rubber object that is on the right side of the small brown thing that is in front of the metallic sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the brown rubber object that is on the right side of the small brown thing that is in front of the metallic sphere is about the size of a tennis ball.
Does the matte cylinder that is left of the red shiny thing have the same color as the small shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other small objects of the same shape as the tiny green thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a shiny ball that is the same size as the gray object; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
How big is the brown cube behind the small gray matte cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The brown cube behind the small gray matte cylinder is quite large.
There is a small cube that is to the left of the tiny cylinder; are there any yellow blocks that are in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the material of the small brown thing on the left side of the small gray rubber object the same as the small cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of tiny objects are both on the right side of the small cylinder and in front of the tiny green metal object? Answer: 2. Output: three
What number of big purple blocks are the same material as the tiny green ball? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the color of the tiny thing that is made of the same material as the red cube? Answer: green. Output: The tiny thing that is made of the same material as the red cube is green.
What is the material of the large ball? Answer: metal. Output: The large ball is made of metal.
How many purple cylinders have the same size as the purple matte object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there the same number of purple cubes that are left of the large cyan thing and matte cylinders in front of the large shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of purple cubes that are left of the large cyan thing and matte cylinders in front of the large shiny thing.
Are the big green sphere and the big cyan cylinder made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the big green sphere and the big cyan cylinder are made of different materials.
There is a big purple cylinder that is behind the big cyan cylinder; are there any rubber cylinders to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a big green metallic thing of the same shape as the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a large purple object that is behind the large metallic object that is to the right of the small purple shiny thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What size is the green metal object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the green metal object is not specified in the image.
The purple object that is the same material as the cyan object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a brown rubber cylinder that is in front of the brown cube; is its size the same as the small purple metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there more tiny shiny objects that are to the left of the brown metallic object than small brown shiny cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more tiny shiny objects that are to the left of the brown metallic object than small brown shiny cylinders.
How many small objects are red shiny blocks or blue objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small objects that are red shiny blocks or blue objects.
What number of purple things have the same shape as the blue thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the large purple thing right of the tiny object that is behind the purple metal ball made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What size is the purple ball that is in front of the blue thing? Answer: small. Output: The purple ball that is in front of the blue thing is about the size of an egg.
What number of red things are large matte cylinders or spheres? Answer: 2. Output: 1
There is a brown thing that is the same shape as the big blue thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there an equal number of tiny purple metal objects that are on the left side of the small shiny cylinder and tiny cyan metal cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of tiny purple metal objects that are on the left side of the small shiny cylinder and tiny cyan metal cylinders.
There is a object that is both behind the tiny purple object and on the right side of the brown thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the large block and the small ball have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the shape of the blue thing that is the same size as the yellow matte block? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What size is the cyan metallic ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan metallic ball is not specified in the image.
There is a rubber block that is right of the large red rubber cylinder; is it the same size as the thing behind the red metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the cube on the right side of the metallic object that is behind the cyan shiny object? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
There is a ball that is the same size as the yellow rubber object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: rubber
How many rubber objects are yellow things or big red spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three rubber objects that are yellow things or big red spheres.
There is a sphere that is left of the small blue shiny block and in front of the matte ball; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a big matte cylinder; what number of large cubes are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the large brown cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The large brown cube is made of wood.
Is the large blue object behind the blue ball made of the same material as the small blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is there a small purple metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a cylinder that is made of the same material as the blue sphere; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What color is the rubber sphere in front of the shiny object on the right side of the gray metallic cylinder that is behind the blue cylinder? Answer: green. Output: The rubber sphere in front of the shiny object on the right side of the gray metallic cylinder that is behind the blue cylinder is green.
There is a blue rubber cube; is it the same size as the green ball to the right of the metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are either gray objects left of the small gray metal cylinder or large matte objects that are in front of the small green matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are either gray objects left of the small gray metal cylinder or large matte objects that are in front of the small green matte thing.
There is a gray object that is the same size as the blue rubber cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a big rubber thing that is in front of the big cube in front of the rubber cube on the left side of the large gray matte block; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there the same number of tiny green matte balls in front of the tiny green rubber ball and large blue matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: No
Do the gray block and the green metal object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there anything else of the same color as the big cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is there a yellow metallic cylinder of the same size as the cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a yellow metallic cylinder of the same size as the cyan cylinder.
What is the shape of the tiny yellow object? Answer: cube. Output: The tiny yellow object is a sphere.
What number of spheres are big purple objects or yellow metallic objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big purple objects and one yellow metallic object.
Are there the same number of yellow metal things that are on the right side of the purple rubber cylinder and gray shiny cylinders in front of the small metallic block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of yellow metal things on the right side of the purple rubber cylinder as there are gray shiny cylinders in front of the small metallic block.
There is a metal block that is right of the small gray metallic cylinder that is in front of the purple cylinder; what number of purple matte cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: two
What is the shape of the big thing that is the same color as the small shiny block? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a large cube; is its color the same as the rubber thing that is behind the big metallic block? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more large shiny balls that are behind the tiny shiny cube than large objects? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large shiny balls behind the tiny shiny cube.
What number of things are yellow metallic blocks right of the large yellow metallic block or shiny things behind the green matte sphere? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there an equal number of big cylinders behind the yellow shiny sphere and balls that are right of the brown matte block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the size of the ball on the left side of the brown shiny thing the same as the matte cylinder that is behind the tiny matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the tiny block that is behind the small purple rubber thing and on the left side of the yellow metal object made of? Answer: metal. Output: Plastic
Is the number of balls less than the number of small green objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
How big is the yellow sphere on the left side of the small brown block that is in front of the yellow object? Answer: small. Output: 1.5 inches
What is the shape of the big rubber object right of the big blue object in front of the small thing right of the metallic sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: egg
There is a large sphere that is the same material as the tiny gray cylinder; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What color is the cube on the right side of the sphere behind the large object behind the brown matte object? Answer: brown. Output: purple
What number of cylinders are green matte things or blue things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a thing that is the same color as the large ball; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
The tiny metallic thing has what color? Answer: yellow. Output: The tiny metallic thing has gold color.
There is a brown matte thing that is to the left of the purple block; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many purple objects are either things or large objects? Answer: 1. Output: There is one purple object that is a large object.
What is the color of the tiny cylinder that is made of the same material as the purple cube? Answer: green. Output: The tiny cylinder that is made of the same material as the purple cube is green.
Is the color of the large cube the same as the rubber block in front of the brown metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the large cube is different from the rubber block in front of the brown metal cylinder.
There is a small thing that is behind the small yellow metal thing and to the right of the green matte thing; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: purple
What number of big cubes are left of the green rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of objects are either big purple things or cylinders that are to the right of the big cube? Answer: 3. Output: 4
There is a big rubber thing that is behind the large red matte object; are there any big purple matte things that are in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a rubber cube behind the brown metallic cylinder; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What material is the thing that is the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The thing that is the same color as the small cylinder is made of metal.
Is the material of the large ball behind the large cyan shiny object the same as the large ball to the left of the large cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any yellow objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
How many other objects are there of the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects of the same color as the big cylinder.
Is the number of yellow matte cubes less than the number of blue metallic objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a gray rubber object to the left of the tiny gray object to the right of the large cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there any cyan shiny balls left of the small yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: No
What color is the block that is the same size as the green thing? Answer: gray. Output: gray
What number of brown things are the same material as the small gray thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How many other objects are there of the same size as the metal cylinder? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the metal cylinder.
There is a tiny cylinder left of the tiny matte cylinder that is behind the green rubber cylinder; how many big red metal things are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are the tiny cylinder that is to the right of the cyan thing and the big brown cylinder that is in front of the small cyan matte cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, they are not made of the same material. The small cylinder to the right of the cyan thing and the big brown cylinder in front of the small cyan matte cylinder are made of different materials.
How many small cyan objects have the same shape as the brown thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Are there more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the right of the large brown rubber thing than big brown metal spheres. Yes, there are more red metallic blocks to the
There is a tiny rubber thing that is in front of the small purple rubber cylinder to the right of the matte cylinder in front of the small cyan cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: round
There is a red thing that is on the left side of the purple matte thing; is its shape the same as the red metallic thing to the right of the brown rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cubes are either large red metal objects or tiny cyan things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is the material of the brown object the same as the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many other objects are there of the same color as the shiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects of the same color as the shiny cylinder.
What is the shape of the cyan rubber object to the left of the big green matte object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a matte block that is the same size as the metallic cube; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
Are the large purple object and the brown cylinder made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the large purple object and the brown cylinder are made of different materials.
What material is the small cylinder to the right of the cylinder that is on the left side of the yellow object made of? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
Is the number of small green metallic things that are in front of the cyan metal thing greater than the number of large objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are the same size as the purple object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Is the large rubber cylinder the same color as the matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the large object behind the large shiny thing in front of the object that is left of the matte sphere? Answer: brown. Output: The large object behind the large shiny thing in front of the object that is left of the matte sphere is purple.
What number of things are to the left of the tiny cylinder that is to the right of the small shiny thing that is left of the blue shiny cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is there anything else that is the same color as the matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
Do the cyan object that is behind the blue object and the blue metal object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many objects are either brown metallic objects or tiny yellow cubes? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either brown metallic objects or tiny yellow cubes.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the yellow object? Answer: 4. Output: 3
How many purple objects are both to the right of the metallic block and to the left of the cyan metal object? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is the size of the sphere in front of the small rubber sphere the same as the brown thing behind the blue ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the purple matte cylinder on the left side of the tiny brown block? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
What number of things are metallic objects in front of the small blue ball or rubber objects to the left of the small ball? Answer: 5. Output: three
Are there any other things that have the same color as the rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the number of purple rubber cylinders that are to the left of the shiny sphere the same as the number of small yellow things that are right of the big metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of tiny things on the left side of the small metallic cube greater than the number of tiny gray metal things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of objects are cylinders in front of the tiny blue rubber sphere or yellow rubber blocks? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a shiny object that is the same color as the small matte block; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of yellow things are the same size as the blue rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many objects are rubber things that are to the right of the small green ball or large cylinders behind the big gray cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three rubber objects to the right of the small green ball or large cylinders behind the big gray cylinder.
Is the material of the thing that is in front of the yellow rubber object the same as the big purple thing that is right of the tiny red block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large matte object that is in front of the red object that is left of the large red shiny cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any large metallic cylinders that are behind the small thing that is on the right side of the cylinder that is behind the big purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Do the big rubber object to the left of the small matte ball and the small rubber object to the left of the tiny yellow rubber thing have the same color? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the yellow cylinder that is the same size as the red block? Answer: rubber. Output: The yellow cylinder is made of plastic, while the red block is made of metal.
There is a thing in front of the matte cylinder that is in front of the large rubber cylinder in front of the tiny red cube; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: The thing in front of the matte cylinder that is in front of the large rubber cylinder in front of the tiny red cube is its size.
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the large purple rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
The cyan rubber object that is behind the large blue metallic block has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What number of other objects are the same shape as the gray rubber thing? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Is the color of the shiny thing that is in front of the cyan thing the same as the large block to the right of the purple metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are small red objects or big green cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small red objects and one big green cylinder.
What number of gray objects have the same material as the tiny red cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Are there fewer tiny metallic balls than spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the small ball behind the purple rubber cube have the same material as the red thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many spheres are either small red matte objects or big blue objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three spheres in the image: two small red matte objects and one big blue object.
There is a big matte object that is both to the left of the big gray block and to the right of the big blue metallic cube; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cylinder
What shape is the brown metallic object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The brown metallic object is a cylinder.
There is a shiny thing in front of the matte cylinder that is left of the gray object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of red blocks that are in front of the big red rubber sphere the same as the number of big cyan matte cylinders behind the tiny matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of red blocks that are in front of the big red rubber sphere is the same as the number of big cyan matte cylinders behind the tiny matte object.
There is a large thing that is in front of the rubber ball and on the right side of the cube; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is the size of the gray cylinder the same as the rubber cylinder that is on the right side of the large brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same color as the metal sphere? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the metal sphere.
Are there more big cylinders that are in front of the cyan cylinder than small brown balls? Answer: yes. Output: no
The tiny thing in front of the object that is on the right side of the big cylinder right of the red metal sphere is what color? Answer: gray. Output: blue
Does the big red sphere have the same material as the block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a red shiny sphere that has the same size as the brown rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red shiny sphere that has the same size as the brown rubber cylinder.
Does the tiny matte object have the same shape as the big yellow rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How big is the yellow sphere to the left of the tiny gray metal sphere? Answer: large. Output: 10 times smaller
There is a matte cylinder; does it have the same size as the yellow ball that is to the left of the small gray shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of yellow shiny things behind the large green thing less than the number of large red blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
What material is the other yellow object that is the same shape as the big yellow object? Answer: rubber. Output: The other yellow object that is the same shape as the big yellow object is made of plastic.
There is a small shiny object that is to the right of the yellow metal object and in front of the small cyan object; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a large green thing that is the same material as the big yellow object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What is the material of the yellow sphere to the left of the small gray ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the yellow sphere to the left of the small gray ball is metal.
There is a yellow sphere on the right side of the large matte cylinder; is its size the same as the matte ball on the left side of the tiny yellow shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the big matte cylinder? Answer: green. Output: The big matte cylinder is green.
Does the matte object behind the small brown thing have the same shape as the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small cylinder that is the same material as the yellow thing; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: red
What material is the small cylinder behind the tiny yellow object? Answer: rubber. Output: The small cylinder behind the tiny yellow object is made of metal.
There is a yellow rubber object; does it have the same shape as the small blue thing that is on the left side of the large red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cylinder that is behind the big shiny cylinder and to the right of the small blue metallic object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: aluminum
The rubber thing that is the same size as the yellow matte cylinder is what color? Answer: green. Output: red
Are the tiny yellow object and the cylinder that is behind the green sphere made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the tiny yellow object and the cylinder that is behind the green sphere are made of the same material. They are both metal.
How many other things are there of the same size as the blue object? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the blue object.
Is there a big red metal object that is on the right side of the green matte object behind the rubber ball that is on the left side of the large cyan sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big red metal object that is on the right side of the green matte object behind the rubber ball that is on the left side of the large cyan sphere.
What is the size of the yellow matte thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the yellow matte thing is not specified in the image.
Do the green thing and the cyan rubber object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the tiny cyan block made of? Answer: metal. Output: The tiny cyan block is made of plastic.
What number of objects are to the left of the green thing and on the right side of the big blue cylinder? Answer: 4. Output: 2
Do the green matte block and the brown shiny object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No, the green matte block and the brown shiny object have different sizes.
Is the size of the matte object that is behind the red metal cylinder the same as the cyan metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
The rubber thing that is on the left side of the small brown metal object is what color? Answer: blue. Output: red
How many tiny green objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the shape of the small cyan thing that is made of the same material as the yellow block? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Does the small metal thing that is in front of the cyan matte thing have the same color as the large matte thing in front of the large blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects. Yes, there are the same number of big cubes in front of the large cyan block and green objects.
How many other red matte cylinders have the same size as the red cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the size of the red object that is behind the big matte cylinder the same as the matte thing that is in front of the green rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a green block on the right side of the large matte cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a shiny sphere on the left side of the red object behind the small green metal ball; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the material of the green ball that is the same size as the cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The green ball that is the same size as the cylinder is made of plastic.
Are there any big red objects to the right of the large sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big red object to the right of the large sphere.
Are there the same number of red objects that are left of the green rubber block and tiny purple metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the shape of the green matte thing that is the same size as the red matte object? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What is the material of the big cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The big cylinder is made of metal.
There is a big thing that is behind the big red rubber thing and left of the big green metal block; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
Is the size of the gray thing the same as the ball that is right of the tiny red sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the yellow block? Answer: 3. Output: 3
How many other objects are the same color as the rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects that are the same color as the rubber object.
Is there anything else that has the same size as the rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other objects are the same shape as the yellow metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the green cylinder the same size as the gray sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a purple metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same material as the tiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there any big objects made of the same material as the tiny red object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no big objects made of the same material as the tiny red object.
What material is the red object that is the same size as the blue metallic cube? Answer: metal. Output: The red object that is the same size as the blue metallic cube is made of plastic.
There is a cyan ball on the right side of the rubber cube; is it the same size as the small green matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the other cylinder that is the same size as the green matte cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
What number of big yellow metallic cylinders are in front of the green rubber block? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there any metallic things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
How big is the green rubber thing that is in front of the ball that is right of the matte ball that is behind the tiny sphere? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of other things are the same size as the red metal object? Answer: 3. Output: 1
How big is the green thing that is behind the large sphere? Answer: large. Output: 2 feet
Is there anything else that is the same color as the block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the red block. Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the green block. Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the blue block. Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the yellow block. Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the orange block. Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the purple block. Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the pink block. Yes, there is another block that is the same color as the black block.
Are the yellow cylinder to the left of the block and the tiny yellow thing made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are in front of the tiny cyan thing and to the left of the tiny yellow metal thing? Answer: 3. Output: three
What material is the big yellow thing that is the same shape as the red rubber object? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of cylinders are the same color as the big sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a cube that is made of the same material as the cyan sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of purple objects are either big cubes or big metallic objects? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a thing in front of the small purple block; what number of matte cubes are left of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is the number of big metallic objects behind the tiny cylinder greater than the number of cyan matte cubes that are in front of the cyan shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the material of the tiny red block? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny red block is made of plastic.
Is there a metallic sphere of the same size as the red rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a metallic sphere of the same size as the red rubber cube.
What is the material of the sphere that is the same size as the metal cube? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the sphere that is the same size as the metal cube is plastic.
What number of tiny red matte objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the big ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other things that are the same color as the matte thing? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a thing that is both behind the large blue metal thing and to the right of the big red rubber thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Does the cube left of the large matte thing have the same color as the tiny shiny ball that is on the right side of the big matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are the same material as the big blue thing? Answer: 5. Output: 3
The thing that is left of the big blue cube and behind the tiny purple ball has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Does the small metal sphere have the same color as the small object on the left side of the big matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a purple shiny block on the left side of the matte thing; is it the same size as the large red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the cyan thing that is the same shape as the big blue shiny thing? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Do the cyan thing and the large blue object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The matte cylinder has what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
There is a cylinder that is made of the same material as the small yellow sphere; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of other big objects have the same shape as the big red thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Is there anything else that is the same size as the red matte cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
What size is the brown object behind the big brown thing in front of the tiny yellow matte object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the brown object behind the big brown thing in front of the tiny yellow matte object is not specified.
There is a purple object that is the same size as the yellow rubber thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any small blue cubes made of the same material as the small gray thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small blue cube made of the same material as the small gray thing.
What color is the block that is in front of the brown metallic thing that is in front of the big metal thing behind the tiny yellow thing? Answer: purple. Output: The block that is in front of the brown metallic thing is purple.
There is a tiny thing that is left of the small purple rubber object; does it have the same color as the cylinder that is in front of the big metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other things that have the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two other things that have the same color as the tiny cylinder.
There is a cylinder that is to the left of the cyan object; what number of big blue objects are behind it? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What color is the big cylinder on the left side of the blue rubber object that is right of the big green object? Answer: green. Output: red
Is there a metallic object that has the same color as the shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a metallic object that has the same color as the shiny cylinder.
How many matte things are red things or blue cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three red things and two blue cylinders in the picture.
Are there any brown cubes that have the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two brown cubes that have the same material as the small cylinder.
What number of things are both in front of the big cyan cube and on the left side of the cyan metal object? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is the number of large cyan shiny blocks that are in front of the small cylinder less than the number of big blue matte things in front of the blue block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the green thing have the same shape as the tiny red object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of other things are there of the same size as the red metal cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 4
How many objects are objects that are behind the blue rubber cylinder or brown things on the right side of the tiny red metal cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are behind the blue rubber cylinder or brown things on the right side of the tiny red metal cylinder.
There is a small thing that is right of the tiny yellow shiny ball and behind the cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any big red matte things behind the blue thing in front of the sphere on the right side of the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are small shiny objects that are in front of the small cyan matte ball or tiny blue things in front of the small brown rubber ball? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small shiny objects that are in front of the small cyan matte ball or tiny blue things in front of the small brown rubber ball.
Are the ball that is on the left side of the small cylinder and the green thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a object that is both on the right side of the yellow object and behind the cyan matte thing; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a small rubber thing in front of the tiny rubber object on the right side of the small cyan rubber sphere; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: green
What is the material of the yellow thing that is the same shape as the blue matte thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What color is the shiny ball that is on the left side of the big object that is on the left side of the big object behind the tiny yellow metal sphere? Answer: yellow. Output: The shiny ball that is on the left side of the big object that is on the left side of the big object behind the tiny yellow metal sphere is green.
How many objects are either blue objects or big cyan matte spheres? Answer: 2. Output: There are two blue objects and one big cyan matte sphere in the image.
How many blue rubber objects have the same shape as the red rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the color of the small cylinder left of the shiny cube on the left side of the ball? Answer: gray. Output: purple
Does the tiny gray rubber thing have the same shape as the large yellow metallic thing that is on the left side of the yellow metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many gray metallic things are the same size as the gray matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: Two
What material is the yellow object that is the same shape as the large green object? Answer: metal. Output: The yellow object that is the same shape as the large green object is made of metal.
Does the tiny object to the left of the blue cube have the same color as the shiny cylinder to the right of the big blue shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a blue object behind the big green shiny object; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What is the color of the rubber sphere? Answer: purple. Output: The rubber sphere is purple.
What is the shape of the large blue thing that is the same material as the large green cube? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
There is a rubber object that is in front of the gray matte object; does it have the same size as the large green cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are either small rubber objects that are to the left of the gray matte thing or large blocks behind the green metal block? Answer: 3. Output: three
What shape is the matte object on the left side of the matte thing that is behind the large purple metal block? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there fewer gray metal cubes than big green objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a thing that is on the left side of the big brown metal cylinder and behind the large purple thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the size of the matte cylinder the same as the blue shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a cylinder in front of the shiny ball; does it have the same color as the large cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How many large green objects are in front of the yellow cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large green objects in front of the yellow cylinder.
Is the number of blocks greater than the number of cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the matte thing that is on the left side of the small blue cylinder and in front of the purple metal object? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any big blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a yellow thing that is the same shape as the tiny brown thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of other cylinders are the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the number of gray metal cylinders left of the tiny blue sphere less than the number of yellow blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a shiny cylinder behind the tiny cube that is left of the large metallic cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of objects are either yellow cylinders or big purple rubber cubes? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Is there a shiny block of the same color as the small rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a shiny block of the same color as the small rubber sphere.
Are there fewer big green balls than large rubber objects? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of things are either small balls or yellow cylinders that are on the right side of the blue rubber cube? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there any large blocks made of the same material as the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large blocks made of the same material as the yellow object.
What material is the purple thing that is the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a blue block that is behind the shiny cylinder that is behind the small blue rubber block; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a large object that is in front of the shiny sphere and left of the red matte thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a rubber sphere; what number of rubber things are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The big cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny yellow thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
Is the big green metal thing the same shape as the small gray rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many big rubber objects are behind the tiny yellow thing and on the right side of the cyan cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
How many metallic objects are red cylinders or gray cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are three metallic objects that are red cylinders or gray cylinders.
What is the size of the rubber thing in front of the small object that is on the right side of the purple sphere? Answer: large. Output: 1 inch
What is the material of the big cylinder that is the same color as the rubber sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the big cylinder that is the same color as the rubber sphere is plastic.
Are there any big red things that are right of the metallic cylinder on the right side of the cyan rubber thing that is in front of the red cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the material of the big object in front of the red cylinder the same as the large cylinder right of the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cyan cylinders are the same size as the blue metal cube? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Do the green metal object that is in front of the purple cube and the blue metal block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No
The tiny cyan object is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
The cube that is the same color as the metal cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches.
Is the material of the large cylinder that is on the left side of the rubber cube the same as the big green block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a small rubber block of the same color as the metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small rubber block of the same color as the metal cylinder.
Do the cyan object right of the big shiny cylinder and the large matte object in front of the red object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a small blue block made of the same material as the large green cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small blue block made of the same material as the large green cube.
How many brown objects are cubes or rubber cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are no brown cubes or rubber cylinders in the image.
There is a matte thing that is on the right side of the large cyan cylinder and in front of the tiny purple matte cube; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a big red shiny object that is right of the red metallic sphere; is its shape the same as the cyan matte object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are either purple cylinders or big red things that are to the left of the purple rubber block? Answer: 2. Output: three
How big is the sphere that is in front of the cyan ball and behind the purple rubber cube? Answer: large. Output: 1.5 inches
Is the number of metal things left of the large purple matte cube greater than the number of big purple matte blocks in front of the big red metal block? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a yellow rubber object; does it have the same shape as the purple thing right of the rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the large purple metallic object? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a big block that is both behind the purple metallic object and to the left of the yellow thing; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
The large cylinder is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
Does the big red ball have the same material as the sphere in front of the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are the large yellow thing and the small thing that is to the left of the small yellow metal cube made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the large yellow thing and the small thing that is to the left of the small yellow metal cube are made of the same material.
How many objects are either gray cylinders or tiny yellow objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either gray cylinders or tiny yellow objects.
Are there any tiny yellow objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
What is the shape of the big thing to the left of the yellow thing that is in front of the tiny shiny block? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
What number of objects are either rubber things behind the brown matte object or things that are behind the big purple shiny thing? Answer: 5. Output: three
There is a yellow thing that is the same size as the purple metallic cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What color is the shiny block? Answer: yellow. Output: The shiny block is purple.
What is the tiny object that is both left of the purple metal cylinder and to the right of the tiny yellow metallic cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: Plastic
There is a small shiny thing behind the yellow thing that is to the right of the shiny cube; are there any things that are to the left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The cylinder that is the same color as the small shiny cube is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches.
There is a cylinder that is the same color as the big matte ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the red thing that is in front of the ball in front of the large shiny sphere made of? Answer: metal. Output: The red thing that is in front of the ball in front of the large shiny sphere is an egg.
Is the small cube the same color as the large shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small cube is a different color than the large shiny cylinder.
There is a tiny matte cube; is its color the same as the large metallic thing that is in front of the large metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the block that is both behind the purple matte thing and on the left side of the large brown cylinder made of? Answer: metal. Output: wood
There is a brown cylinder that is the same size as the red metal sphere; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many small brown things are on the left side of the brown cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Does the brown object behind the big shiny cylinder have the same shape as the brown metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a brown matte thing of the same shape as the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What material is the big cylinder that is the same color as the tiny cube? Answer: metal. Output: The big cylinder that is the same color as the tiny cube is made of metal.
What material is the object that is in front of the yellow cube and behind the big gray thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The object that is in front of the yellow cube and behind the big gray thing is made of plastic.
Are there fewer large green rubber blocks that are on the right side of the blue object than rubber objects that are on the right side of the large purple matte object? Answer: no. Output: yes
The gray thing that is the same material as the small cyan object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there anything else of the same color as the cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the material of the purple thing the same as the large object that is in front of the metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the purple thing is different from the large object in front of the metallic cube.
What material is the yellow thing that is the same shape as the green rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there anything else that has the same material as the large green cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the material of the block that is behind the purple sphere the same as the big sphere to the right of the shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a matte object to the right of the small matte object that is to the right of the small cyan rubber cube that is on the left side of the large cylinder; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the tiny yellow object? Answer: 3. Output: 3
The rubber object that is the same color as the matte ball is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
The cyan object has what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
Does the large brown metallic thing have the same shape as the large red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any small cyan things of the same shape as the large brown shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small cyan things of the same shape as the large brown shiny thing.
What is the size of the brown object that is in front of the purple metal cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the brown object that is in front of the purple metal cylinder is quite small.
What material is the cyan object that is the same size as the matte cube? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan object that is the same size as the matte cube is made of plastic.
Is the number of brown metal cylinders greater than the number of small metal balls? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a shiny ball in front of the brown rubber object that is right of the brown rubber sphere; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What shape is the other rubber object that is the same size as the cyan object? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
There is a brown thing left of the sphere in front of the matte object to the right of the small brown rubber object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same size as the gray metallic sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 5
There is a red thing in front of the red metal cylinder that is behind the big cylinder on the right side of the gray thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
Is the material of the brown object the same as the red object on the left side of the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of purple rubber cylinders behind the large red metal thing less than the number of big red cylinders that are to the left of the large green sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many big green things have the same material as the small sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there any large green objects that are on the left side of the tiny metal thing that is behind the red shiny object that is on the right side of the brown metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large green object that is on the left side of the tiny metal thing that is behind the red shiny object that is on the right side of the brown metal thing.
What number of cubes are matte things or green shiny things? Answer: 0. Output: 4
Does the cyan metallic object have the same shape as the tiny object that is on the left side of the green ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of red metal cylinders to the left of the big purple matte object less than the number of small red things? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there anything else that has the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a block that is the same color as the big metal sphere; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a red thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What is the color of the big sphere that is the same material as the small purple sphere? Answer: cyan. Output: The big sphere that is the same material as the small purple sphere is green.
Are there more large metallic spheres than cyan things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large metallic spheres than cyan things. Yes, there are more large metallic spheres than cyan things.
Are any tiny blue cubes visible? Answer: yes. Output: No
What shape is the blue object that is left of the tiny cube that is in front of the small brown cube? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What number of objects are small brown metallic things or small things to the right of the red rubber object? Answer: 3. Output: three
The small shiny object behind the shiny block that is behind the cyan metal object that is to the left of the cyan ball is what color? Answer: purple. Output: green
The small rubber cylinder has what color? Answer: red. Output: red.
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the large blue shiny object? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the size of the metal cube that is the same color as the tiny matte object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the metal cube that is the same color as the tiny matte object is not specified in the image.
Is the shape of the yellow object in front of the large blue object the same as the tiny metal object that is to the left of the tiny blue rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the shiny object that is behind the tiny metallic cylinder that is to the right of the big shiny cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
How big is the metal thing that is left of the big blue shiny cube and right of the tiny blue rubber thing? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
Does the large yellow metal thing have the same shape as the big object left of the small gray metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a green object that is the same shape as the tiny gray shiny object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the color of the big ball the same as the cylinder on the right side of the large blue metal cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same size as the gray object? Answer: 2. Output: 5
There is a small shiny thing on the right side of the small metallic cylinder on the left side of the big shiny object that is behind the large green metal cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: The small shiny thing on the right side of the small metallic cylinder on the left side of the big shiny object that is behind the large green metal cylinder is a sphere.
How many tiny metallic spheres are there? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny metallic spheres in the image.
The tiny cube that is made of the same material as the tiny cyan ball is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: green
Are there more red cylinders than big red metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more red cylinders than big red metal spheres. Yes, there are more red cylinders than big red metal spheres.
How big is the cylinder that is behind the shiny block and in front of the brown object? Answer: large. Output: The cylinder that is behind the shiny block and in front of the brown object is quite small.
Are there an equal number of big cyan metallic things left of the cyan shiny cube and blue metallic balls? Answer: yes. Output: No
Do the green sphere and the cyan metal cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the object that is right of the brown cylinder and behind the big red matte thing? Answer: cyan. Output: green
There is a thing that is behind the tiny cyan thing behind the big red matte cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What is the size of the brown object that is the same shape as the big green metallic object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the brown object that is the same shape as the big green metallic object is not specified.
There is a metal sphere behind the large cyan metal cylinder; is its color the same as the tiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is another small object that is the same color as the tiny shiny object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the cyan rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small metal thing; is it the same shape as the brown metal object on the right side of the large cyan matte ball? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are four other things of the same material as the brown cylinder.
There is a big shiny ball; does it have the same color as the metal cylinder on the left side of the green matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a green block to the left of the cyan thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there a big cylinder of the same color as the metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a big cylinder of the same color as the metal ball.
What is the color of the matte ball that is the same size as the red cylinder? Answer: cyan. Output: green
What number of large objects are either green rubber spheres or green matte cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 4
Are there the same number of small metal cubes on the right side of the small metallic cube and metallic things that are behind the blue matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of small metal cubes on the right side of the small metallic cube and metallic things that are behind the blue matte object.
The other cylinder that is the same material as the cyan cylinder is what color? Answer: red. Output: red
Do the large brown sphere and the large object behind the red matte cube have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the large brown sphere and the large object behind the red matte cube do not have the same material. The large brown sphere is made of metal, while the large object behind the red matte cube is made of plastic.
How many large blue blocks are made of the same material as the red cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the shape of the brown metallic thing that is to the right of the large brown metallic thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the brown ball that is on the left side of the cyan cylinder made of the same material as the small sphere behind the blue shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a large brown thing of the same shape as the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are small things that are to the left of the small brown thing or tiny metal balls? Answer: 3. Output: three
Are there more small metallic spheres on the right side of the big cyan thing than red things left of the tiny cyan shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many shiny objects are either small spheres or tiny brown objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three shiny objects in the image, two of which are small spheres and one of which is a tiny brown object.
What material is the thing that is the same color as the big sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The thing that is the same color as the big sphere is made of metal.
What number of other tiny cyan objects have the same material as the tiny cyan thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the number of small brown shiny balls that are in front of the rubber sphere less than the number of brown balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any big green cylinders behind the large thing that is to the right of the tiny brown metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the large brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the brown shiny cylinder and the brown metal sphere have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No, they do not have the same size. The brown shiny cylinder is larger than the brown metal sphere.
There is a brown object behind the large thing on the right side of the small brown object that is behind the green cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there an equal number of metal balls that are in front of the large green cylinder and balls? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any other things that are the same size as the gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many things are either metallic spheres or small cubes? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metallic spheres and two small cubes in the image.
What shape is the big purple object that is the same material as the small cyan thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of other objects are the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Are the small gray object and the tiny block behind the large sphere made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small gray object and the tiny block behind the large sphere are not made of the same material. The small gray object is a sphere, while the tiny block behind the large sphere is a cube.
What number of objects are cubes that are left of the metallic object or rubber things behind the large rubber cylinder? Answer: 4. Output: three
The tiny metal thing is what color? Answer: brown. Output: gold.
Is the number of tiny things to the left of the tiny gray thing less than the number of cyan things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are any tiny cyan matte things visible? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the number of small cyan blocks less than the number of large brown metal objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many small brown cylinders have the same material as the large blue cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
The big cylinder that is the same material as the tiny gray thing is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What shape is the tiny brown thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
What is the size of the other ball that is the same color as the large metallic ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the other ball that is the same color as the large metallic ball is smaller.
The large thing that is the same color as the tiny metal ball is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of objects are there? Answer: 7. Output: 7
How many cylinders are gray rubber objects or small blue rubber objects? Answer: 1. Output: There is one gray rubber object and one small blue rubber object.
What is the color of the cube that is the same size as the blue object? Answer: purple. Output: The cube that is the same size as the blue object is green.
What number of cyan spheres are behind the gray matte cylinder and in front of the gray thing? Answer: 0. Output: one
What is the blue ball made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The blue ball is made of plastic.
What number of things are big purple rubber cylinders or large gray objects? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a cyan metallic object that is left of the big cyan thing; is its size the same as the cylinder right of the large ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the purple metallic cube? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is a purple rubber object on the right side of the big purple object that is to the left of the blue sphere; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the size of the cube to the left of the big yellow cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
Is the number of green cylinders right of the green thing less than the number of big purple things in front of the small blue metallic sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the matte object? Answer: purple. Output: The matte object is silver.
Are there any small rubber balls of the same color as the tiny shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no small rubber balls of the same color as the tiny shiny cylinder.
There is a blue object right of the tiny thing in front of the small blue block in front of the purple rubber thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What is the large purple cylinder that is right of the tiny shiny cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: aluminum
There is a shiny cylinder behind the large cylinder that is to the right of the cylinder that is behind the matte thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a blue sphere; does it have the same size as the purple cylinder that is on the right side of the big purple metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
The metallic block to the right of the small green shiny cylinder is what color? Answer: blue. Output: purple
How many other objects are there of the same material as the big green ball? Answer: 4. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the big green ball.
There is a tiny cube that is to the left of the small sphere in front of the purple block; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than purple cubes. Yes, there are more green spheres behind the big purple thing than
What number of other things are the same color as the small matte ball? Answer: 3. Output: 0
What is the shape of the green matte thing that is the same size as the purple shiny cube? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
How many large purple blocks are to the right of the tiny gray block that is left of the small gray cube to the right of the big purple shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large purple blocks to the right of the tiny gray block that is left of the small gray cube to the right of the big purple shiny object.
What number of matte objects are big cyan blocks or gray cubes? Answer: 2. Output: 3
The thing that is left of the large purple metallic thing and behind the large gray thing is what color? Answer: gray. Output: green
There is a gray ball behind the cyan metal cube; does it have the same size as the purple metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many objects are either blocks that are in front of the purple block or small cyan shiny spheres? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either blocks that are in front of the purple block or small cyan shiny spheres.
What is the color of the small sphere that is the same material as the big gray thing? Answer: red. Output: The small sphere that is the same material as the big gray thing is red.
How many yellow cubes are the same size as the red metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are three yellow cubes that are the same size as the red metal thing.
Is the size of the gray shiny ball that is to the right of the red shiny object the same as the tiny matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the object that is on the right side of the yellow shiny cylinder and on the left side of the tiny metallic ball? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any big brown things to the right of the large metal cube? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big brown things to the right of the large metal cube.
Is the shape of the gray shiny object the same as the large yellow matte object? Answer: no. Output: No, the shape of the gray shiny object is different from the large yellow matte object.
Is the number of cubes to the left of the big brown sphere the same as the number of large metallic things behind the large metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: No, the number of cubes to the left of the big brown sphere is different from the number of large metallic things behind the large metallic ball.
What number of other objects are the same material as the large cube? Answer: 3. Output: 3
How many big things are yellow matte cylinders or yellow shiny things? Answer: 3. Output: There are three big things that are yellow matte cylinders or yellow shiny things.
Is the number of small shiny objects that are right of the big gray sphere the same as the number of big blue matte balls? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there fewer large gray matte cubes that are in front of the small metal ball than big gray shiny objects behind the large gray metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are fewer large gray matte cubes that are in front of the small metal ball than big gray shiny objects behind the large gray metallic thing.
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the large cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the gray rubber object the same shape as the small brown rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The red matte thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
What color is the rubber thing that is both to the right of the big cyan matte thing and behind the small gray object? Answer: gray. Output: red
Are there more big red shiny things than big red rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of things are red metallic things or small objects that are right of the red matte ball? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Does the gray matte thing have the same size as the brown thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small shiny block; are there any blocks left of it? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cube that is both behind the big gray rubber cube and in front of the large gray shiny thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the material of the other thing that is the same shape as the gray shiny thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a purple rubber thing behind the small thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of matte cubes are the same size as the gray thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
The matte thing that is the same color as the rubber cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a rubber block of the same color as the big metal cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a rubber block of the same color as the big metal cube.
What is the color of the other matte block that is the same size as the red block? Answer: purple. Output: Purple
There is a large rubber cylinder; is its color the same as the matte thing that is in front of the tiny blue sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the matte cylinder? Answer: blue. Output: The matte cylinder is purple.
There is a large purple thing in front of the purple block; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What size is the purple matte object that is the same shape as the brown thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is a cyan thing that is the same shape as the big green thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the number of big purple rubber objects to the left of the metallic block less than the number of brown rubber spheres? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of red things are in front of the large green metal cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are two red things in front of the large green metal cube. What number of green things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one green thing in front of the large green metal cube. What number of blue things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one blue thing in front of the large green metal cube. What number of yellow things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one yellow thing in front of the large green metal cube. What number of orange things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one orange thing in front of the large green metal cube. What number of purple things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one purple thing in front of the large green metal cube. What number of black things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one black thing in front of the large green metal cube. What number of white things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one white thing in front of the large green metal cube. What number of gray things are in front of the large green metal cube? There is one gray thing in front of the large green metal cube.
There is a large rubber object left of the purple rubber cylinder; is it the same shape as the purple object that is right of the green metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the tiny thing that is right of the tiny purple matte cube and to the left of the green cube? Answer: cylinder. Output: square
What is the size of the cyan thing that is made of the same material as the big red cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of red objects less than the number of spheres? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the large cube in front of the rubber cylinder on the right side of the cylinder that is behind the cyan object made of? Answer: metal. Output: Plastic
Does the big cube that is in front of the big purple object have the same material as the cylinder right of the ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
What size is the block that is behind the large green thing and to the left of the large purple cube? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a object that is the same color as the tiny matte ball; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there any other things that have the same shape as the green metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No
What color is the other large metal thing that is the same shape as the large gray thing? Answer: cyan. Output: The other large metal thing that is the same shape as the large gray thing is green.
Do the yellow metal object and the green matte object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No, the yellow metal object is smaller than the green matte object.
Is the number of small yellow balls in front of the green metal cylinder the same as the number of gray things? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a tiny shiny object left of the big object in front of the large cyan metallic ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a tiny shiny object left of the big object in front of the large cyan metallic ball.
There is a rubber object that is behind the green object that is in front of the green object right of the tiny purple metallic object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the material of the small green ball in front of the big metallic object that is behind the yellow metallic object? Answer: rubber. Output: The small green ball in front of the big metallic object is made of plastic.
Is there a small blue thing that has the same shape as the big matte thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the shape of the green shiny object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The green shiny object is a cube.
There is a tiny metal cylinder; is its color the same as the large cylinder that is on the right side of the tiny purple rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large object that is the same material as the large block; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: purple
There is a big thing that is the same color as the metal cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
There is a red sphere that is behind the green shiny thing; is its size the same as the green object that is to the right of the brown object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cylinders are green rubber objects or purple shiny things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Does the green thing that is behind the green matte thing have the same material as the large brown object? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other objects are the same size as the matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
How many small things are blue metallic spheres or cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small things that are blue metallic spheres or cylinders.
Is the tiny metal cylinder the same color as the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there more tiny purple metallic objects behind the purple ball than big rubber objects in front of the big green matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the brown matte object? Answer: 3. Output: 5
There is a large rubber object left of the tiny sphere; does it have the same shape as the purple object left of the tiny purple metallic cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many objects are big brown balls or metallic spheres in front of the yellow object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big brown balls or metallic spheres in front of the yellow object.
What is the material of the sphere that is right of the brown matte object and behind the small brown metallic block? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the sphere that is right of the brown matte object and behind the small brown metallic block is plastic.
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the tiny brown matte thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What is the color of the large ball that is the same material as the small brown cube? Answer: brown. Output: The large ball that is the same material as the small brown cube is gold.
What number of things are either large gray cubes or big matte balls? Answer: 1. Output: 5
There is a rubber sphere; does it have the same size as the purple metal object that is on the right side of the brown shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the shiny cube that is in front of the purple shiny thing that is to the right of the purple object behind the large yellow matte cube? Answer: brown. Output: The color of the shiny cube that is in front of the purple shiny thing that is to the right of the purple object behind the large yellow matte cube is blue.
What is the color of the large matte ball? Answer: cyan. Output: The large matte ball is gold.
What number of gray cubes are the same size as the purple matte ball? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What material is the small gray block that is to the right of the small metallic thing on the left side of the big metal thing? Answer: metal. Output: The small gray block that is to the right of the small metallic thing on the left side of the big metal thing is made of plastic.
What is the shape of the large purple rubber thing to the right of the gray cube that is in front of the tiny shiny object to the left of the purple sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a purple object right of the large rubber cube; is it the same shape as the shiny thing that is behind the rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other objects are the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: 3. Output: There are two other objects that are the same material as the yellow cube.
What shape is the big yellow thing that is made of the same material as the ball? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Does the purple ball have the same size as the yellow cube? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How big is the matte cylinder that is to the left of the matte thing right of the large yellow object? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
What number of spheres are either green rubber objects or large blue metal objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three spheres that are either green rubber objects or large blue metal objects.
Do the blue metal cube and the purple rubber object right of the large yellow thing have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are big blue matte things or large brown metal cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big blue matte things or large brown metal cylinders in the image.
There is a metallic cube behind the rubber ball that is on the right side of the purple metallic cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How big is the blue cube? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
There is a thing that is both on the right side of the big brown thing and left of the big green rubber thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is another thing that is the same shape as the blue thing; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: green
How many things are spheres behind the yellow rubber thing or green objects to the right of the small cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three spheres behind the yellow rubber thing or green objects to the right of the small cube.
The small blue metal object is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What shape is the thing that is the same color as the small sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: cylinder
How many things have the same material as the small green ball? Answer: 4. Output: 1
What is the color of the big metallic cylinder? Answer: brown. Output: The big metallic cylinder is gold.
There is a cube that is the same material as the blue thing; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: purple
Is the number of big things greater than the number of tiny matte spheres? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any big purple things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a large shiny thing behind the big cylinder right of the gray metallic cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
How many objects are either blocks or metal things that are on the right side of the cube? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either blocks or metal things on the right side of the cube.
There is a small sphere to the left of the large rubber thing behind the large metallic thing that is on the right side of the big purple thing; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What material is the tiny purple object that is the same shape as the large cyan object? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
The tiny cylinder has what color? Answer: gray. Output: purple.
Do the big rubber ball and the tiny matte ball have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many rubber things are small things or blue balls? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the material of the brown cylinder that is the same size as the gray cube? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the brown cylinder that is the same size as the gray cube is plastic.
Do the purple metallic thing and the small purple matte object have the same shape? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are either big blue matte blocks or big brown cylinders that are behind the yellow rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the material of the tiny block that is the same color as the tiny rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Does the ball that is behind the purple shiny thing have the same size as the large brown metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many small things are right of the big matte block that is left of the gray thing in front of the metal cube? Answer: 0. Output: three
What number of gray objects are either large objects or cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a large sphere that is made of the same material as the small purple ball; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: gold
How many tiny things are brown metal things or red metal things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny things that are brown metal things and one tiny thing that is red metal thing.
Is the number of small purple matte spheres less than the number of big green shiny objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any large green objects made of the same material as the blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large green object made of the same material as the blue cylinder.
How many things are either things that are to the left of the tiny cyan shiny ball or small things that are to the left of the small cyan object? Answer: 5. Output: There are three things that are either things that are to the left of the tiny cyan shiny ball or small things that are to the left of the small cyan object.
Is the color of the metal cylinder left of the tiny yellow cylinder the same as the shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same color as the tiny sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the tiny sphere.
What is the material of the purple cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the purple cylinder is plastic.
Is the size of the yellow metal thing right of the blue shiny cylinder the same as the big purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the gray matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a blue metal thing that is the same shape as the gray thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of spheres that are on the left side of the small yellow object the same as the number of large blue things that are behind the big green thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What size is the cylinder right of the metal ball? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
What material is the green cylinder that is the same size as the yellow rubber cube? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there a small sphere made of the same material as the big cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small sphere made of the same material as the big cylinder.
How many big yellow spheres are there? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the large cyan cylinder made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind the green metal object. Yes, the large cyan cylinder is made of the same material as the yellow object that is behind
There is a big object that is the same color as the big cube; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many small matte objects are the same color as the shiny cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small matte objects that are the same color as the shiny cylinder.
How big is the green cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 12 inches
There is a green metal object; is it the same shape as the yellow matte object behind the small shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the small cube that is made of the same material as the large sphere? Answer: yellow. Output: The small cube that is made of the same material as the large sphere is green.
There is a yellow sphere left of the cyan rubber object; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a cylinder that is behind the shiny cylinder; is it the same color as the big matte object in front of the cyan rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of purple metallic cubes right of the brown object greater than the number of metal cylinders that are behind the purple metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The other small matte thing that is the same shape as the green thing is what color? Answer: gray. Output: pink
There is a small gray thing; is it the same shape as the small shiny object on the left side of the gray cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other things are there of the same material as the big green block Answer: 4. Output: ? 3
There is a tiny shiny block; is its color the same as the rubber cylinder that is in front of the purple metallic object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a purple object that is right of the brown cylinder; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there any other shiny blocks of the same color as the small metal block? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other shiny blocks of the same color as the small metal block.
There is a matte block that is the same size as the cyan rubber object; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: red
What number of big objects are either metallic cylinders or cyan rubber blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 4
There is a tiny blue block; are there any blue objects behind it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the size of the green rubber cylinder the same as the green metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The cyan rubber object that is in front of the big cube has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is there a sphere that has the same size as the cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a green cylinder that is the same size as the cyan rubber cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How big is the blue ball left of the metal cylinder? Answer: large. Output: 1.5 inches
The green shiny object has what size? Answer: small. Output: The green shiny object has a small size.
Does the green matte object have the same size as the blue matte ball that is to the left of the tiny blue cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metallic cylinder that is right of the block that is behind the small blue rubber cube; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: blue
Are there an equal number of green shiny cylinders behind the large cyan matte thing and green metallic cylinders that are in front of the green matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of green shiny cylinders behind the large cyan matte thing and green metallic cylinders that are in front of the green matte thing.
There is a cube that is the same color as the metallic cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Does the purple matte object have the same shape as the big blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer purple cubes that are right of the large metallic cylinder than tiny gray matte balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a cylinder that is right of the gray ball that is to the right of the cylinder behind the small matte cylinder; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: blue
What number of metal things are either big blue blocks or large cyan objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Do the metal cylinder and the red cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of large blue things to the right of the small shiny cube less than the number of big brown metal objects that are behind the purple matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other things that have the same size as the blue rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the size of the purple block? Answer: small. Output: The size of the purple block is 10 cm.
How many tiny objects are cubes or red shiny cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny objects that are cubes or red shiny cylinders.
What number of cylinders are either large purple matte objects or large brown things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
The cube that is made of the same material as the brown object is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of large metal objects are the same color as the small shiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large metal objects that are the same color as the small shiny thing.
Are there any small cyan objects on the left side of the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small cyan object on the left side of the yellow object.
There is a large brown metallic object; is its shape the same as the metal object that is in front of the small yellow sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are either big balls that are on the right side of the tiny cyan cube or shiny things? Answer: 4. Output: 3
Is there anything else that is the same material as the cyan block? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are both in front of the big cyan metallic object and to the right of the big brown shiny block? Answer: 2. Output: Two
What number of objects are either big red objects to the right of the large purple matte thing or rubber things that are in front of the big purple rubber block? Answer: 3. Output: three
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the large purple rubber thing? Answer: 3. Output: one
Is there a yellow matte object that has the same shape as the tiny gray matte thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there the same number of rubber cylinders that are in front of the big rubber cylinder and big rubber cylinders in front of the red shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of rubber cylinders in front of the big rubber cylinder and the big rubber cylinders in front of the red shiny cylinder.
Is there anything else that has the same size as the purple metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of cyan things are either big things or matte cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of matte objects have the same size as the purple metallic cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
The rubber thing that is in front of the green object and behind the yellow thing is what color? Answer: gray. Output: purple
Are there more large metal objects that are to the right of the small shiny sphere than big green rubber objects? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large metal objects that are to the right of the small shiny sphere than big green rubber objects.
Is there a large purple metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large purple metallic object.
Do the large shiny ball and the tiny shiny cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No, the large shiny ball and the tiny shiny cylinder have different colors.
How many tiny objects are either gray rubber cubes or green matte cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny objects that are either gray rubber cubes or green matte cylinders.
How many things are tiny things that are in front of the cyan thing or small gray cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the shape of the shiny thing that is on the right side of the purple cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
Is the number of big matte spheres behind the gray rubber thing the same as the number of gray things right of the brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The big object that is both to the left of the gray rubber ball and on the right side of the large purple matte object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: purple.
What material is the ball behind the big shiny cylinder that is right of the blue cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: Aluminum
Do the gray block and the purple sphere have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of big things are either red shiny balls or cubes? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a tiny matte ball; how many small brown matte things are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is the number of rubber cylinders on the left side of the small brown cylinder greater than the number of blue matte cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What shape is the large object that is made of the same material as the big gray sphere? Answer: cylinder. Output: The large object that is made of the same material as the big gray sphere is a cube.
What is the shape of the matte thing that is the same color as the shiny block? Answer: sphere. Output: rectangular
There is a large thing that is both in front of the blue thing and on the left side of the green rubber object; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the tiny red thing? Answer: 0. Output: 3
There is another matte object that is the same size as the red rubber thing; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: blue
How many things are balls or big cyan matte objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are four things that are balls or big cyan matte objects.
There is a green rubber cylinder; are there any blue shiny cylinders behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder that has the same material as the small green object. Yes, there is a yellow cylinder
The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? Answer: small. Output: 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 inch. The rubber object that is the same color as the block is what size? 1 in
What number of balls are either big blue metal objects or large gray shiny objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three big blue metal objects and one large gray shiny object.
Is the number of large cylinders that are left of the blue cylinder greater than the number of red metal objects behind the large red object? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a matte cylinder that is to the right of the tiny red metallic block; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the color of the matte cube that is behind the yellow metallic cube the same as the sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many red objects have the same shape as the small gray object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of objects are either things left of the tiny blue object or metal cubes that are on the left side of the blue thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
What number of blue things are either tiny blocks or matte things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
The object that is left of the tiny blue cube and behind the small yellow cube is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Does the small gray cylinder have the same material as the yellow block? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many red balls are the same size as the blue shiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: There is one red ball that is the same size as the blue shiny cube.
Is the number of tiny blue things to the left of the large red ball the same as the number of large gray cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are in front of the big ball and to the right of the small yellow cube? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What is the shape of the big brown object that is the same material as the tiny cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What is the shape of the large red thing that is behind the tiny rubber object that is to the right of the big object that is to the right of the large brown object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Are there more big brown blocks than big green rubber blocks? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is another object that is the same shape as the purple thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the purple ball made of the same material as the green sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny purple matte object than green balls. Yes, there are more purple things in front of the tiny
There is a big red cylinder that is left of the red thing behind the matte cylinder behind the green matte ball; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of objects are tiny spheres or red things behind the small red thing? Answer: 4. Output: three
There is a rubber cylinder that is left of the small purple matte ball; is it the same color as the shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of small cylinders in front of the large metal cylinder greater than the number of large red cylinders that are in front of the green matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many matte cylinders are to the right of the gray matte sphere that is right of the large matte thing left of the small red shiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: three
What size is the metal sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the metal sphere is not specified in the image.
Is the large rubber ball the same color as the big matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the size of the blue cube that is behind the purple thing? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
Is the color of the big shiny thing in front of the large purple object the same as the tiny metallic cube that is behind the large purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the color of the big shiny thing in front of the large purple object is the same as the tiny metallic cube that is behind the large purple cylinder.
How many other objects are the same shape as the red object? Answer: 3. Output: 1
Is the number of small gray things left of the small sphere the same as the number of rubber spheres that are on the left side of the large purple matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the small block right of the gray matte thing made of the same material as the big blue object in front of the big purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are the same size as the gray block? Answer: 2. Output: 1
How many things are either big spheres or things left of the small gray metallic block? Answer: 6. Output: There are three things that are either big spheres or things left of the small gray metallic block.
What size is the thing that is on the left side of the small purple metallic object? Answer: large. Output: The thing that is on the left side of the small purple metallic object is a cube.
What is the blue thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: The blue thing is made of plastic.
The big red rubber object that is right of the small thing behind the large matte object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the large gray metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a red sphere; are there any rubber spheres on the left side of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the large metal sphere? Answer: blue. Output: The large metal sphere is silver.
There is a small rubber object; is it the same color as the large object behind the big matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a purple metal object that has the same size as the brown shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a purple metal object that has the same size as the brown shiny object.
There is a thing that is the same color as the small matte ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a big ball that is in front of the small brown shiny object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there a cyan cube that has the same size as the metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a cyan cube that has the same size as the metallic ball.
There is a purple object behind the brown matte cube; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the material of the thing in front of the large rubber object the same as the purple block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are any blue matte objects visible? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is another big object that is made of the same material as the brown object; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: green
There is a tiny cube on the left side of the tiny purple object right of the purple object in front of the tiny brown rubber cube; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: green
Do the green object and the purple thing that is in front of the purple rubber object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are blocks that are behind the brown matte object or purple things behind the brown matte object? Answer: 2. Output: three
The green thing that is the same size as the brown rubber thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
The small metal object that is in front of the large object that is to the right of the tiny rubber thing that is in front of the blue object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: square
What is the size of the rubber ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the rubber ball is not specified in the image.
There is a gray metal object that is on the right side of the big metallic thing that is to the left of the big matte cylinder that is behind the small yellow matte object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: The gray metal object is about the same size as the small yellow matte object.
Is there another small sphere that has the same material as the small sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What shape is the big cyan object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
The ball that is the same material as the cyan thing is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: silver
How many purple objects are tiny rubber objects or tiny shiny blocks? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there more spheres than small yellow metallic things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more spheres than small yellow metallic things.
How many objects are rubber cylinders that are on the right side of the matte ball or large things in front of the small yellow block? Answer: 5. Output: There are three rubber cylinders that are on the right side of the matte ball or large things in front of the small yellow block.
There is a metal sphere that is the same size as the gray cylinder; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: silver
Do the big cyan thing and the big ball have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metal ball that is the same color as the large rubber thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What shape is the thing that is the same color as the big matte block? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there anything else that has the same color as the small rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the tiny cylinder and the matte thing that is in front of the green cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big object to the left of the red ball that is to the left of the big object that is on the right side of the tiny rubber cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Does the rubber thing behind the brown rubber sphere have the same shape as the purple object on the right side of the big sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a gray rubber object that has the same size as the red sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a gray rubber object that has the same size as the red sphere.
How many purple objects are either matte balls or large matte cubes? Answer: 0. Output: There is only one purple object, which is a large matte cube.
What number of large balls are the same color as the rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the small metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing in front of the purple cylinder; does it have the same shape as the large red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the large object that is behind the red cylinder? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
The cylinder that is the same color as the large matte sphere is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
What is the small red cylinder made of? Answer: metal. Output: The small red cylinder is made of plastic.
What color is the matte ball that is the same size as the red block? Answer: purple. Output: purple
There is a metallic object that is the same color as the matte block; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Do the tiny red shiny object and the small green rubber object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the small thing that is both behind the green thing and in front of the big red matte thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
The purple matte cylinder is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is another tiny metal object that is the same shape as the small red thing; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: green
What shape is the matte thing that is the same color as the tiny rubber ball? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Does the big blue object that is to the right of the tiny blue sphere have the same shape as the rubber object behind the tiny red rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of large objects are purple things or green metal things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large objects that are purple things or green metal things.
There is a large purple thing that is made of the same material as the yellow cube; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: sphere
Is the red object the same shape as the green metal object? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the small block? Answer: yellow. Output: The small block is green.
What number of things are either blue objects or red rubber things? Answer: 4. Output: 3
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the purple object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other things that are made of the same material as the purple object. The purple object is made of aluminum, and there are other objects in the image that are also made of aluminum.
Are there fewer blue rubber spheres that are in front of the tiny blue rubber sphere than large purple shiny cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of yellow metallic cubes behind the tiny yellow metal object greater than the number of small red matte objects that are on the left side of the large metal ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of yellow metallic cubes behind the tiny yellow metal object is greater than the number of small red matte objects that are on the left side of the large metal ball.
There is a tiny object that is the same color as the big shiny thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of small rubber things have the same color as the big metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of other objects are the same shape as the large blue rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Are there more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object. Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the small blue rubber cube than large objects that are right of the big purple object.
There is a blue object that is behind the cyan thing; does it have the same size as the shiny object on the left side of the big block? Answer: no. Output: yes
The small cyan thing is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
What size is the matte thing that is the same color as the large metallic sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the matte thing that is the same color as the large metallic sphere is not specified in the image.
What is the color of the tiny object that is the same material as the brown sphere? Answer: cyan. Output: The tiny object that is the same material as the brown sphere is purple.
Do the brown sphere and the small thing that is behind the big metal thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
The tiny sphere is what color? Answer: brown. Output: purple.
Are there any other things that are the same size as the purple shiny object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are other objects that are the same size as the purple shiny object. There are several other objects that are the same size as the purple shiny object in the image.
What material is the gray thing that is the same size as the green matte cube? Answer: rubber. Output: Aluminum
What number of big things are purple metallic balls or cyan spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is there a blue metallic block? Answer: no. Output: Yes
There is a purple thing that is the same material as the large yellow thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the big gray thing and the big purple object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the yellow object? Answer: 3. Output: 3
How many metal spheres are both in front of the yellow metallic thing and to the right of the large gray object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two metal spheres in front of the yellow metallic thing and to the right of the large gray object.
The metal cylinder has what color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple.
There is another large object that is the same shape as the big yellow object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the large object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a smaller object that has the same color as the large object.
Is there a small shiny cube behind the cylinder that is left of the small shiny object in front of the tiny red metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small shiny cube behind the cylinder that is left of the small shiny object in front of the tiny red metallic ball.
Does the tiny sphere on the left side of the big cyan metallic thing have the same color as the tiny sphere that is behind the tiny gray metal thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a red object that is the same size as the cyan sphere; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a thing that is behind the metallic sphere behind the tiny sphere on the left side of the cyan metal block; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the tiny yellow cylinder? Answer: 6. Output: 3
There is a cyan metallic object in front of the small gray thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many shiny objects are both on the right side of the small red object and behind the tiny yellow metal block? Answer: 5. Output: There are three shiny objects on the right side of the small red object and behind the tiny yellow metal block.
Is there a big blue metallic object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big blue metallic object.
There is a small red object that is made of the same material as the cyan block; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
How many other objects are the same material as the tiny brown cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
How many yellow objects are matte objects or metal cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There is one yellow object that is a matte object or metal cylinder.
How many brown cylinders are behind the tiny green metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two brown cylinders behind the tiny green metal thing.
What size is the cyan metal sphere that is right of the brown rubber cylinder that is in front of the big purple metal object behind the big cyan metallic sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cyan metal sphere that is right of the brown rubber cylinder that is in front of the big purple metal object behind the big cyan metallic sphere is small.
Are there any large cyan metal things that are behind the small object behind the small cylinder on the left side of the blue matte ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of large balls greater than the number of rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the large thing behind the large cyan object? Answer: purple. Output: The large thing behind the large cyan object is purple.
Are there more large purple things to the left of the cyan ball than rubber cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the cyan thing have the same material as the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other objects are the same shape as the blue object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
There is a object that is the same color as the tiny shiny block; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a object that is the same color as the metallic cube; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What size is the matte cube that is the same color as the small shiny cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The matte cube is the same size as the small shiny cylinder.
Is the number of tiny blue shiny things greater than the number of gray metallic spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large metallic cylinder to the left of the big green metal cylinder; is its color the same as the small matte object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are either gray things in front of the small blue metal block or things that are to the left of the green thing? Answer: 5. Output: three
How many shiny cylinders are behind the small metal cylinder and on the left side of the big blue matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two shiny cylinders behind the small metal cylinder and on the left side of the big blue matte object.
Is the material of the large blue ball the same as the small yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the material of the large blue ball is different from the small yellow cylinder.
The blue thing left of the large blue ball that is in front of the yellow thing to the left of the blue metal thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: sphere
What material is the cylinder that is both in front of the large gray metallic cylinder and behind the yellow shiny object? Answer: metal. Output: The cylinder that is both in front of the large gray metallic cylinder and behind the yellow shiny object is made of aluminum.
Do the tiny shiny sphere and the big shiny cylinder have the same color? Answer: no. Output: No, the tiny shiny sphere and the big shiny cylinder have different colors.
Is there a tiny red metallic ball in front of the brown object behind the matte block that is right of the brown cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many red objects are the same size as the matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Do the brown matte object that is on the left side of the small blue shiny thing and the rubber thing that is to the right of the small brown rubber object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the brown matte object that is on the left side of the small blue shiny thing and the rubber thing that is to the right of the small brown rubber object have the same size.
There is a matte object that is both to the right of the small red shiny sphere and behind the big red object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cube
Are there any small objects that have the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no small objects that have the same color as the tiny cylinder.
Are any red objects visible? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
The big matte thing in front of the green rubber block is what color? Answer: red. Output: red
There is a brown rubber cylinder; is it the same size as the ball on the left side of the small blue metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the matte thing that is left of the tiny shiny cylinder and in front of the yellow thing? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
The small thing that is behind the rubber cylinder and in front of the small cyan metallic object has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What color is the block that is the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a brown sphere right of the small rubber block; does it have the same size as the green object in front of the cyan block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a matte thing that is behind the small block that is in front of the large object that is left of the small purple shiny ball; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the shape of the large brown object that is in front of the large sphere left of the green metallic object? Answer: sphere. Output: The large brown object that is in front of the large sphere left of the green metallic object is a cube.
There is a thing that is behind the small sphere; does it have the same color as the tiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is in front of the cyan cylinder and behind the small matte cylinder; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: gold
Are there any small cyan objects made of the same material as the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
The yellow cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
There is a brown sphere that is to the left of the purple metal sphere behind the small yellow rubber object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the size of the shiny ball that is both right of the tiny yellow shiny ball and behind the big gray thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
How many other objects are there of the same color as the matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects of the same color as the matte object.
Is the small ball behind the big gray metallic thing made of the same material as the blue block? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there fewer large gray spheres that are behind the yellow shiny ball than metal balls to the right of the tiny blue metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the other object that is the same color as the small rubber object? Answer: metal. Output: The other object that is the same color as the small rubber object is made of metal.
There is a tiny thing that is behind the block that is to the right of the yellow metallic cube; how many tiny yellow blocks are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: one
There is a matte thing; what number of big gray objects are right of it? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of gray things are the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a small ball that is the same material as the big gray thing; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: green
The small blue thing behind the large metal sphere right of the tiny blue thing that is in front of the gray sphere is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a big thing that is the same color as the rubber sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
The yellow metal object that is the same size as the metal cylinder is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: cube
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many big cyan things are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many big things are both in front of the big purple thing and left of the large brown metallic cube? Answer: 2. Output: Two
What is the cyan object made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The cyan object is made of plastic.
Are there any tiny red rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a small ball behind the tiny purple rubber ball; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
There is a big blue ball that is behind the cube behind the cyan cube; what number of large blue things are left of it? Answer: 0. Output: one
There is a tiny object that is in front of the large blue object and right of the tiny rubber object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a matte thing behind the rubber cylinder; is it the same shape as the matte object to the left of the yellow rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cyan metal cylinder; is it the same size as the sphere in front of the small matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of yellow matte objects greater than the number of large cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the big cube in front of the small matte sphere made of the same material as the sphere that is left of the red rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the small sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The small sphere is made of metal.
Are there more gray metallic balls on the left side of the large gray metallic ball than brown metallic cubes? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more gray metallic balls on the left side of the large gray metallic ball than brown metallic cubes.
There is a ball in front of the big cube that is on the left side of the large matte thing; what number of balls are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the thing that is on the left side of the big purple metal thing and to the right of the big blue metallic block made of? Answer: rubber. Output: egg
What is the color of the metal cylinder? Answer: cyan. Output: The metal cylinder is silver.
Are there more cubes that are in front of the red rubber thing than blue metal cubes that are on the right side of the metal ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the gray metal object on the right side of the cyan ball that is in front of the blue metal sphere in front of the metal cylinder? Answer: sphere. Output: Cube
Does the cyan matte thing have the same shape as the tiny gray object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the small red object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a matte ball that is the same size as the purple metal cube; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
Are there an equal number of tiny gray objects that are to the right of the large block and brown cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a object that is both behind the rubber thing and in front of the tiny red metallic object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the red thing the same size as the rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a big ball that has the same material as the brown object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a big ball that has the same material as the brown object.
The other ball that is the same color as the matte ball is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many things are both on the right side of the tiny gray metal ball and behind the cyan metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: two
How many other things are the same color as the tiny rubber ball? Answer: 1. Output: 0
How big is the red metal sphere? Answer: large. Output: The red metal sphere is about the size of a basketball.
Are there any big cyan metallic objects of the same shape as the big purple object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big cyan metallic object of the same shape as the big purple object.
There is a small matte object; does it have the same shape as the cyan shiny object that is on the right side of the large purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the size of the shiny object that is both in front of the big red metal object and right of the brown thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the shiny object that is both in front of the big red metal object and right of the brown thing is small.
How many blocks are there? Answer: 1. Output: 4
There is a cyan thing that is the same size as the red rubber object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there any gray matte balls that have the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are gray matte balls that have the same size as the purple cylinder.
Does the matte thing right of the large purple cylinder have the same color as the large sphere on the right side of the large purple matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of metal things are big things or large cylinders? Answer: 4. Output: 2
