There is a object that is in front of the tiny purple shiny sphere and to the right of the blue matte sphere; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: yellow
Are there any large brown matte objects that have the same shape as the tiny blue thing? Answer: no. Output: No
Are the yellow object and the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is made of the same material as the yellow object. No, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is not made of the same material as the yellow object. Yes, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is made of the same material as the yellow object. No, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is not made of the same material as the yellow object. Yes, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is made of the same material as the yellow object. No, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is not made of the same material as the yellow object. Yes, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is made of the same material as the yellow object. No, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is not made of the same material as the yellow object. Yes, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is made of the same material as the yellow object. No, the small thing on the right side of the tiny yellow object is not made of the same material as the yellow object.
There is a tiny ball to the left of the metallic sphere in front of the shiny object that is behind the small yellow metal sphere; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What material is the yellow sphere that is the same size as the purple ball? Answer: metal. Output: The yellow sphere is made of plastic, while the purple ball is made of metal.
How many other tiny blue things have the same material as the small blue thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
The shiny thing in front of the small purple thing is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: gold.
There is a thing that is right of the thing in front of the object that is on the left side of the tiny yellow shiny sphere; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of tiny blue objects are in front of the small purple sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What material is the object that is left of the thing in front of the blue thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The object that is left of the thing in front of the blue thing is made of plastic.
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the yellow metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any big red objects that have the same material as the large yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big red objects that have the same material as the large yellow thing.
How many objects are cyan spheres or big yellow rubber cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are two big yellow rubber cylinders and one cyan sphere.
Is the green object made of the same material as the tiny thing that is behind the big thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the rubber thing in front of the big yellow shiny object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the rubber thing in front of the big yellow shiny object is small.
Are there fewer large gray blocks than cyan rubber spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a large rubber sphere of the same color as the large shiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there is no large rubber sphere of the same color as the large shiny sphere.
There is a small object behind the matte object that is in front of the large ball; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Do the large object and the cyan matte object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of yellow things are to the right of the tiny object in front of the small matte ball that is behind the tiny green ball? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a rubber thing that is to the right of the tiny matte thing; is it the same color as the tiny object behind the tiny metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the yellow object and the big rubber thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many metal objects are small blue cubes or small yellow objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small blue cubes and one small yellow object.
What number of purple shiny spheres are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the color of the block that is the same size as the yellow shiny thing? Answer: green. Output: The color of the block that is the same size as the yellow shiny thing is green.
What is the shape of the large rubber object that is the same color as the small rubber block? Answer: cube. Output: The large rubber object that is the same color as the small rubber block is a cube.
There is a metallic object; does it have the same size as the rubber block right of the tiny shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a block that is to the right of the tiny matte object and behind the small yellow block; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
Are there more rubber blocks on the left side of the yellow metallic object than matte cubes that are right of the large rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a green object that is the same material as the small green cube; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the gray object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that is made of the same material as the gray object, which is a red object.
Are there the same number of small cylinders in front of the big gray matte cylinder and cyan rubber balls? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of small cylinders in front of the big gray matte cylinder and cyan rubber balls.
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the red metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another gray thing that is the same shape as the tiny object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a big thing that is on the right side of the large object left of the tiny red shiny thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Does the thing that is behind the big yellow cylinder have the same material as the yellow cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of tiny metallic objects right of the big gray thing the same as the number of large gray rubber things right of the yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cylinders are to the right of the object that is behind the yellow thing? Answer: 1. Output: 2
There is a gray cylinder that is the same size as the yellow cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a metallic thing that is to the left of the shiny thing to the right of the big cylinder behind the gray rubber cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a red cylinder to the right of the small yellow metal thing; is it the same size as the red metal thing that is behind the yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red metallic object that is behind the small yellow shiny thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a matte cylinder right of the red metal cylinder; is it the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small red metal object; how many big red cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: There are two big red cylinders in front of the small red metal object.
Are there fewer small metal things that are in front of the tiny yellow object than red things that are on the left side of the small red metal object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of red cylinders are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What is the color of the metal object to the left of the tiny yellow cylinder? Answer: red. Output: The metal object to the left of the tiny yellow cylinder is red.
How big is the yellow metallic thing? Answer: small. Output: The yellow metallic thing is about the size of a pencil.
What is the color of the object on the left side of the tiny red cylinder that is to the left of the tiny yellow metallic object? Answer: red. Output: The color of the object on the left side of the tiny red cylinder that is to the left of the tiny yellow metallic object is gold.
Is the shape of the rubber object on the right side of the tiny red thing the same as  the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same size as the red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the red shiny object that is the same shape as the gray shiny thing? Answer: large. Output: The red shiny object is the same size as the gray shiny thing.
Is the color of the tiny metallic object on the right side of the big red metallic thing the same as the shiny object behind the small cyan object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the color of the tiny metallic object on the right side of the big red metallic thing is the same as the shiny object behind the small cyan object.
Does the cyan metal object that is behind the tiny gray block have the same size as the block behind the small cyan metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the material of the small thing that is to the left of the tiny cube that is to the right of the small object behind the small gray block? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the small thing that is to the left of the tiny cube that is to the right of the small object behind the small gray block is plastic.
Do the small gray object and the large red thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the tiny gray object that is the same shape as the red metallic thing? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the tiny gray object that is the same shape as the red metallic thing is plastic.
What number of other things have the same color as the big metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: 2
The red object that is the same material as the tiny cyan object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many purple objects are either small objects or metallic things? Answer: 0. Output: There are no purple objects in the image.
What number of objects are either big gray spheres or small cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Are there more objects that are in front of the red shiny cylinder than big green shiny balls? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more objects that are in front of the red shiny cylinder than big green shiny balls.
Does the yellow object have the same material as the tiny purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many objects are either small things that are left of the yellow matte object or tiny matte things that are in front of the yellow object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either small things that are left of the yellow matte object or tiny matte things that are in front of the yellow object.
There is another small shiny thing that is the same shape as the purple object; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: red
How many things are tiny cylinders that are on the left side of the red cylinder or red things? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a matte thing behind the cylinder on the right side of the tiny rubber cylinder that is behind the small purple matte cylinder; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: red
The cylinder that is made of the same material as the purple thing is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: red
What number of small things are made of the same material as the red cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 3
There is a rubber cylinder that is in front of the yellow cylinder; does it have the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the yellow block? Answer: small. Output: The yellow block is about the size of a small car.
Does the large rubber object have the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. Yes, the large rubber object has the same color as the tiny rubber cube in front of the small yellow matte block. No, the large rubber object has a different color than
How many other things are the same color as the big cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a thing that is behind the blue shiny object; is it the same size as the rubber cube that is in front of the small yellow matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the blue shiny object is the same size as the rubber cube that is in front of the small yellow matte object.
There is a thing behind the blue shiny thing; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Are there fewer gray things that are behind the yellow rubber object than small yellow matte cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the gray block have the same material as the big object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is another gray object that is the same shape as the small metallic thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many things are matte blocks that are right of the purple rubber block or small cubes that are to the left of the large purple block? Answer: 2. Output: There are three matte blocks that are right of the purple rubber block or small cubes that are to the left of the large purple block.
Is the number of large yellow rubber cylinders less than the number of small gray things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there a red metallic object of the same size as the brown ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red metallic object of the same size as the brown ball.
Do the large purple thing and the blue ball behind the purple matte sphere have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large sphere that is to the right of the yellow metallic object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
The blue matte sphere has what size? Answer: large. Output: The blue matte sphere has a size of 10 cm.
Do the blue object that is on the right side of the purple matte thing and the sphere that is in front of the purple ball have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a brown metal sphere; does it have the same size as the matte thing on the right side of the large purple rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber thing that is on the right side of the big purple rubber object; is there a yellow sphere to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the thing left of the large blue rubber object in front of the big brown metallic sphere? Answer: purple. Output: The thing left of the large blue rubber object in front of the big brown metallic sphere is purple.
Is the size of the yellow shiny object the same as the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a brown thing that is the same shape as the blue object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there any big gray metal things that have the same shape as the small yellow rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no big gray metal things that have the same shape as the small yellow rubber object.
What shape is the brown rubber thing that is the same size as the yellow matte thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What shape is the large thing behind the gray shiny thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: The large thing behind the gray shiny thing is a cylinder.
Are there fewer brown rubber cylinders that are behind the small brown rubber cylinder than yellow matte objects that are in front of the yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a gray thing; does it have the same size as the metal cylinder that is on the right side of the big gray metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of yellow cylinders have the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The cylinder that is made of the same material as the blue thing is what color? Answer: gray. Output: blue. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the yellow thing is what color? yellow. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the red thing is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the green thing is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the black thing is what color? black. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the silver thing is what color? silver. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the gold thing is what color? gold. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the white thing is what color? white.
Is the number of large gray cylinders greater than the number of large green matte blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the yellow cylinder have the same material as the small brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the shape of the tiny yellow thing that is made of the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Does the object left of the yellow shiny sphere have the same material as the tiny green ball that is right of the big metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big cyan objects have the same shape as the green matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
How many things are either big blue shiny objects or big objects that are in front of the gray matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big objects that are either big blue shiny objects or big objects that are in front of the gray matte thing.
What is the material of the gray sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The gray sphere is made of plastic.
What material is the small green object that is the same shape as the big yellow thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What color is the small rubber thing that is in front of the rubber object that is left of the tiny green ball? Answer: green. Output: green
How many metal things are either small red cubes or tiny balls? Answer: 0. Output: There are three metal things that are either small red cubes or tiny balls.
Do the green sphere and the large yellow thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a big cyan thing behind the big thing on the left side of the big yellow metallic thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of big things are brown shiny things or gray matte objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big things in the image, two of which are brown shiny objects and one of which is a gray matte object.
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the purple rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the object behind the purple matte thing? Answer: small. Output: The object behind the purple matte thing is quite small.
Are there any small matte balls that have the same color as the matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small matte balls that have the same color as the matte object.
Is the number of blue metallic things behind the tiny blue block less than the number of small objects that are on the left side of the yellow cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cube that is on the left side of the small yellow metallic block and on the right side of the large purple matte cube; what material is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a purple thing; is it the same shape as the tiny metal object right of the yellow metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are the same size as the yellow metallic cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things that are the same size as the yellow metallic cube.
Are there more tiny yellow cubes than brown shiny things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more tiny yellow cubes than brown shiny things. Yes, there are more tiny yellow cubes than brown shiny things.
What number of blocks are both right of the blue metal thing and behind the small red object? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the blue matte thing behind the tiny shiny sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: The blue matte thing behind the tiny shiny sphere is a sphere.
There is a big thing; is its shape the same as the rubber object behind the cyan metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there an equal number of large balls on the left side of the brown rubber ball and large brown things in front of the tiny cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small rubber sphere that is in front of the small shiny thing; does it have the same color as the small rubber object behind the small metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of objects that are on the left side of the large brown ball greater than the number of small cyan metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the material of the cyan object? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan object is made of plastic.
There is a blue sphere that is left of the blue matte thing behind the metallic thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
The rubber thing behind the cyan sphere is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Is there a brown object of the same shape as the cyan metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of cyan objects in front of the metallic object less than the number of brown objects that are in front of the big brown rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many other things are there of the same size as the gray object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the gray object.
Is the shape of the large brown object in front of the brown metallic object the same as  the gray matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the color of the other matte thing that is the same shape as the gray thing? Answer: brown. Output: gold
Are there the same number of big brown balls behind the brown matte object and brown shiny objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of big brown balls behind the brown matte object and the brown shiny objects.
How many objects are both on the right side of the big gray ball and on the left side of the big brown metal sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are two objects on the right side of the big gray ball and one object on the left side of the big brown metal sphere.
How many big brown balls are the same material as the gray thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the number of brown shiny spheres on the left side of the brown metallic sphere less than the number of purple balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many objects are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What number of large rubber cubes have the same color as the big shiny sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Do the big brown shiny thing and the gray rubber object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the green thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small cyan thing that is in front of the object behind the cyan thing that is left of the green block; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of things are small cyan matte blocks that are to the left of the green cube or matte things behind the shiny thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
What shape is the small green metallic object to the left of the tiny block that is right of the green shiny cube? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is there a green object made of the same material as the green cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a green object made of the same material as the green cube.
Are there fewer tiny cyan objects on the right side of the tiny green metallic thing than green matte blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the cyan object right of the small green block made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The cyan object right of the small green block is made of plastic.
How many other things are the same size as the metallic block? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things that are the same size as the metallic block.
Is the number of small green metal objects less than the number of blue matte things? Answer: no. Output: yes
The small green object has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there fewer big green things on the left side of the cyan cube than large green cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there a cyan shiny block that has the same size as the green metallic block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a cyan shiny block that has the same size as the green metallic block.
What number of blocks are behind the large metal thing that is in front of the big red metallic cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are three blocks behind the large metal thing that is in front of the big red metallic cube.
What is the color of the big thing that is in front of the large object behind the big green metal object? Answer: green. Output: The big thing that is in front of the large object behind the big green metal object is red.
Is there a red thing that has the same shape as the green metal object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the thing behind the cyan cube have the same shape as the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of shiny objects are to the right of the big red metallic object and to the left of the green object? Answer: 1. Output: two
The big shiny thing to the right of the red thing has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
What number of other objects have the same material as the red thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a big red metal object; does it have the same shape as the big object in front of the red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of blue spheres have the same material as the green thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a object that is both on the left side of the tiny red metal object and in front of the small blue rubber sphere; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The object that is both on the left side of the tiny red metal object and in front of the small blue rubber sphere is made of plastic.
There is a purple object that is in front of the large green rubber ball; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the shape of the small object that is behind the small sphere in front of the small red metal object? Answer: sphere. Output: The small object that is behind the small sphere in front of the small red metal object is a sphere.
Is there a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there is a purple rubber object that has the same shape as the big green object. Yes, there
The other object that is the same size as the purple matte object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any small blue things in front of the purple matte thing that is on the right side of the small ball that is on the left side of the small red thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small blue things in front of the purple matte thing that is on the right side of the small ball that is on the left side of the small red thing.
Is there a green matte object that has the same size as the purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing right of the red shiny sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a tiny ball behind the thing that is on the left side of the large matte sphere that is on the left side of the red shiny sphere; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: green
How many big purple things have the same material as the gray block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What color is the thing that is made of the same material as the large blue block? Answer: purple. Output: The thing that is made of the same material as the large blue block is purple.
Does the gray object have the same shape as the large blue matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a big block that is behind the large thing that is in front of the big thing that is left of the blue matte cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other large objects have the same color as the metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other large objects that have the same color as the metal thing.
What is the shape of the purple object that is the same size as the blue rubber thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there any rubber things in front of the large purple matte block? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no rubber things in front of the large purple matte block.
Is the blue block the same size as the metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: No
The big rubber thing that is to the left of the blue cube has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there any red metal cubes of the same size as the purple cube? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no red metal cubes of the same size as the purple cube.
Are there any tiny brown things that are on the right side of the rubber thing that is on the right side of the small brown cube? Answer: no. Output: 30000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a small rubber object on the right side of the tiny brown matte thing; is it the same color as the thing behind the small brown matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of metallic blocks are the same size as the cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a rubber object that is to the right of the brown object; is it the same size as the large object? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the small cyan object? Answer: cube. Output: square
Do the small block behind the tiny brown matte cube and the large purple thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any metal cubes of the same color as the metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no metal cubes of the same color as the metal thing.
Do the small object that is behind the brown block and the purple rubber object that is to the left of the small brown block have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a large purple thing that has the same material as the large cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large purple thing that has the same material as the large cube.
How many green objects are either large matte blocks or small objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two green objects in the image, one of which is a large matte block and the other is a small object.
There is a tiny cube that is behind the large rubber block in front of the rubber cube right of the red cube; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: rubber
How many other objects are made of the same material as the cyan object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects made of the same material as the cyan object.
The metallic thing that is the same size as the blue cube is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a big blue thing; are there any blue cubes on the left side of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there another cyan metallic object of the same shape as the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a blue metal thing that is on the right side of the tiny metallic cube; is its shape the same as the large rubber object right of the small metal block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there another red cube that has the same size as the red cube? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of green things that are on the left side of the tiny red thing the same as the number of red metal objects behind the big blue block? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the tiny cube to the left of the small red cube have the same material as the thing right of the large blue block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the small cyan thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small cyan thing is made of plastic.
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the large purple ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What size is the purple thing that is the same shape as the large green rubber thing? Answer: large. Output: small
Does the big object in front of the large green matte object have the same material as the big green ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the shape of the big purple object the same as the small object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What material is the big sphere that is to the right of the metal object? Answer: rubber. Output: The big sphere that is to the right of the metal object is made of plastic.
There is another metal sphere that is the same size as the green ball; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the big green rubber thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
How big is the object that is right of the green object? Answer: small. Output: very small
How many green spheres are to the left of the big object on the right side of the purple sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of other things are the same size as the blue thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a metal thing left of the tiny blue cylinder; is it the same size as the shiny cylinder in front of the cyan shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the purple thing that is the same size as the cyan thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a thing that is behind the matte cylinder and left of the small shiny cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there any purple rubber things? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a tiny cylinder; is it the same color as the matte cylinder that is in front of the big cyan metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the cyan shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the metallic thing that is in front of the large thing that is behind the big purple thing that is in front of the large metallic cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: The metallic thing that is in front of the large thing that is behind the big purple thing is a cylinder.
What is the shape of the blue metal thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
The metal object behind the tiny blue cylinder is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: The metal object behind the tiny blue cylinder is silver.
There is a metallic cylinder to the left of the blue shiny cylinder; is it the same size as the big matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the blue object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the green object is made of the same material as the blue object.
What number of things are big metal things that are on the left side of the red metallic ball or blue rubber objects? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the color of the big rubber thing that is the same shape as the large red metallic object? Answer: blue. Output: The big rubber thing that is the same shape as the large red metallic object is green.
Are there any other things that are the same color as the big matte object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other things that are the same color as the big matte object.
What number of other things are the same material as the blue ball? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is the number of big blue objects greater than the number of large green things? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the rubber object? Answer: blue. Output: There is no rubber object in the picture.
Are there any blue spheres that are in front of the metal sphere behind the matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a blue sphere in front of the metal sphere behind the matte ball.
The green thing in front of the green thing left of the large red thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there fewer large green shiny things than balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there anything else that has the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a shiny cylinder on the right side of the metal cylinder that is in front of the shiny cylinder that is to the right of the gray cylinder; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: The shiny cylinder on the right side of the metal cylinder that is in front of the shiny cylinder that is to the right of the gray cylinder is purple.
What number of things are big red shiny cubes or rubber cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of red things are the same shape as the large purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the gray object and the cylinder left of the matte cylinder have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the size of the other object that is made of the same material as the tiny red object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the other object that is made of the same material as the tiny red object is much larger than the tiny red object.
There is a object on the left side of the tiny gray rubber cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of purple objects have the same size as the purple shiny cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The other object that is the same size as the gray rubber object is what color? Answer: red. Output: purple
What color is the big object? Answer: purple. Output: The big object is purple.
Is the number of rubber balls greater than the number of small green things? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other objects are there of the same material as the purple block? Answer: 2. Output: There are two other objects of the same material as the purple block.
What number of small cyan cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Are the green thing that is in front of the purple metallic object and the purple cube made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the green cube is not made of the same material as the purple cube. The green cube is made of plastic, while the purple cube is made of metal.
The purple metallic cube has what size? Answer: small. Output: The purple metallic cube has a size of 10 cm.
There is a green metal thing that is behind the purple shiny object; is it the same shape as the tiny purple shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are small purple shiny objects or big purple things? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small purple shiny objects or big purple things.
What size is the metal cube on the right side of the small metallic thing that is in front of the tiny purple object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the metal cube on the right side of the small metallic thing that is in front of the tiny purple object is approximately 10 cm.
What number of green blocks are behind the purple cube and in front of the purple metallic thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
Is there a metal thing that is behind the tiny green metallic thing in front of the tiny green cube that is behind the purple block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a metal thing behind the tiny green metallic thing in front of the tiny green cube that is behind the purple block.
Are there fewer cyan spheres than tiny purple metal cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of small purple rubber things that are in front of the tiny purple metallic block greater than the number of purple cubes that are left of the brown block? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a matte cube that is in front of the brown thing; what number of metal things are to the left of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is the color of the small cube behind the small purple metallic object the same as the shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the color of the small cube behind the small purple metallic object is the same as the shiny thing.
How many things are either purple blocks or rubber cubes that are to the left of the tiny purple matte thing? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is a rubber object that is in front of the brown rubber cube; is its shape the same as the small thing that is behind the purple shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: No
The small thing that is made of the same material as the brown cube is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a tiny cube that is both left of the metallic object and behind the small purple rubber thing; what material is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any other things that have the same size as the purple rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
The green thing that is the same shape as the red thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of objects are either red things that are in front of the green shiny block or cyan objects? Answer: 1. Output: three
What shape is the object behind the big matte block behind the big red matte object? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
Is there a green thing that has the same size as the red rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there more tiny brown rubber things than green metallic blocks? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a object to the left of the large blue thing; is its size the same as the rubber cube that is behind the red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many blocks are to the right of the red block and to the left of the large shiny cube? Answer: 1. Output: 2
What color is the metal object that is the same shape as the blue matte thing? Answer: green. Output: silver
Is the number of purple metallic blocks less than the number of big blue cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a green metallic block; is it the same size as the thing that is in front of the large blue matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the green thing on the right side of the small purple shiny ball have the same material as the small yellow sphere that is in front of the large rubber object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the green thing on the right side of the small purple shiny ball has the same material as the small yellow sphere that is in front of the large rubber object.
How many other green things have the same shape as the small green metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a small thing that is the same color as the big matte object; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of things are red shiny balls or objects that are in front of the yellow ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are three red shiny balls or objects that are in front of the yellow ball.
What is the purple thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: The purple thing is made of plastic.
What is the material of the large green object that is the same shape as the yellow thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the large green object that is the same shape as the yellow thing is plastic.
The matte sphere on the left side of the green sphere right of the large green thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: purple
What number of matte things are either tiny yellow cubes or tiny spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the yellow ball made of the same material as the large ball? Answer: yes. Output: No, the yellow ball is made of a different material than the large ball.
What is the material of the green ball that is to the right of the large matte sphere behind the purple thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of small purple balls on the left side of the purple metallic sphere less than the number of brown things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the small sphere behind the brown ball? Answer: metal. Output: The small sphere behind the brown ball is made of metal.
What number of other objects are the same size as the blue rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Is the number of small blue shiny balls less than the number of brown metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
What is the shape of the small brown metal object? Answer: sphere. Output: The small brown metal object is a sphere.
Does the rubber sphere that is behind the tiny brown shiny thing have the same color as the large metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is behind the purple shiny object and in front of the big blue matte sphere; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
What is the color of the tiny metal thing to the right of the brown metal sphere? Answer: purple. Output: The tiny metal thing to the right of the brown metal sphere is gold.
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the big rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the size of the brown metal object the same as the purple metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the size of the brown metal object is larger than the purple metallic object.
Are there any other things that are the same size as the red metal object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are other objects that are the same size as the red metal object. There are three other objects that are the same size as the red metal object.
How many cyan metallic cubes have the same size as the red metallic thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are two cyan metallic cubes that have the same size as the red metallic thing.
There is a tiny metal thing that is on the left side of the small cyan thing; is there a small thing that is right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many objects are either cubes that are to the left of the large red metallic block or big red metal blocks? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either cubes that are to the left of the large red metallic block or big red metal blocks.
How many red metal objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: There are three red metal objects.
The red thing that is made of the same material as the cyan object is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a metal block on the right side of the block that is in front of the purple block; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many objects are either shiny things left of the small cyan metal thing or small shiny blocks behind the tiny cyan metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two shiny things left of the small cyan metal thing, and there are three small shiny blocks behind the tiny cyan metallic thing.
Are there fewer small cyan shiny objects than metal cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are either purple metal blocks or gray cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either purple metal blocks or gray cylinders.
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the large cyan cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same material as the purple object Answer: 1. Output: ? 3
What number of large cyan matte things are on the left side of the big thing that is on the left side of the big red shiny cube left of the purple metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: three
How many matte objects are either big cyan cylinders or cyan objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three matte objects that are either big cyan cylinders or cyan objects.
There is a shiny object behind the metal block that is in front of the large red object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: There is a shiny object behind the metal block that is in front of the large red object. The size of the shiny object is not specified in the image.
There is a big block that is both on the right side of the cyan matte object and in front of the large red block; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Is the material of the large purple cube the same as the large red block? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the large purple cube is different from the large red block.
What number of small objects are either purple blocks or blue cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What color is the thing that is the same material as the purple block? Answer: red. Output: The thing that is the same material as the purple block is green.
There is a block behind the purple metallic thing; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: blue
What number of large red objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a small metal thing; is its shape the same as the big thing that is behind the red matte cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? Answer: small. Output: 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1 inch. The rubber cube that is the same color as the small metal cube is what size? 1
How many objects are large purple spheres or gray blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are two large purple spheres and one gray block.
Do the thing that is behind the big red matte cube and the tiny gray matte object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the gray thing that is the same material as the yellow block? Answer: large. Output: The gray thing is the same size as the yellow block.
How many things are large matte objects behind the gray matte thing or purple objects that are behind the tiny metal object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large matte objects behind the gray matte thing or purple objects that are behind the tiny metal object.
Are there an equal number of yellow metal cubes that are to the right of the large yellow cube and tiny purple shiny objects that are to the left of the big red object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of yellow metal cubes that are to the right of the large yellow cube and tiny purple shiny objects that are to the left of the big red object.
What color is the cube behind the red object? Answer: gray. Output: The cube behind the red object is silver.
There is a tiny metal cube; is it the same color as the tiny matte thing that is right of the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing of the same color as the shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer tiny spheres that are on the right side of the tiny red metal object than red cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is the shape of the red shiny thing the same as the purple matte object that is right of the red metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the metal object? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the tiny red sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the red metal object? Answer: small. Output: The red metal object is about the size of an egg.
Is the number of spheres greater than the number of tiny red metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are matte objects or small purple spheres in front of the red sphere? Answer: 2. Output: There are three matte objects or small purple spheres in front of the red sphere.
There is a red metal ball; are there any small red shiny balls behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a metallic sphere of the same color as the big metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a metallic sphere of the same color as the big metallic thing.
Are the purple cube and the thing to the left of the large purple thing made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many tiny things are metal objects or gray cubes? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny metal objects or gray cubes in the image.
Is the number of large purple objects less than the number of tiny blue objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a gray cube right of the big cube; is it the same size as the object that is on the left side of the large purple object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many blue objects are either small shiny cubes or large cubes? Answer: 0. Output: There is only one blue object, which is a small shiny cube.
Is the number of purple shiny cylinders greater than the number of purple cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are small gray blocks or tiny gray blocks on the left side of the large purple object? Answer: 2. Output: three
How many other things are there of the same shape as the large thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Are there any other things that have the same material as the big purple cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two smaller cubes that have the same material as the big purple cube.
How many matte things are small gray objects or small yellow cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small gray objects or small yellow cylinders.
Are there any other things that have the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a yellow cylinder and a blue cylinder.
What number of objects are tiny blue shiny things or rubber cylinders to the right of the tiny yellow object? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a cyan thing that is in front of the metal thing; is its size the same as the gray metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other objects are the same shape as the small cyan rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
How many gray objects are either small matte objects or metallic cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three gray objects in the image, two of which are small matte objects and one of which is a metallic cylinder.
There is a object that is the same material as the yellow cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What is the color of the object that is on the left side of the small cyan cylinder and in front of the gray shiny cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: The object that is on the left side of the small cyan cylinder and in front of the gray shiny cylinder is yellow.
Is the number of things in front of the shiny thing the same as the number of matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cylinders are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a cylinder that is both in front of the green metal thing and behind the small yellow cylinder; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: green
What number of other objects are the same shape as the big metal object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a metallic cylinder that is the same size as the cyan object; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: green
There is a shiny thing behind the yellow cylinder; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
There is a cylinder in front of the big cyan rubber thing; are there any big matte things that are in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny yellow object; is it the same shape as the shiny thing that is to the left of the small yellow metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the cylinder that is both on the right side of the big matte cylinder and behind the small yellow cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cylinder that is both on the right side of the big matte cylinder and behind the small yellow cylinder is 10 cm.
Is there a tiny cylinder that has the same material as the big green object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a tiny cylinder that has the same material as the big green object.
There is a large object that is to the right of the large cyan rubber cylinder that is left of the large green thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many other objects are the same color as the big shiny thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects that are the same color as the big shiny thing.
What number of metallic objects are gray objects or large objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metallic objects in the image.
The shiny cylinder that is on the right side of the tiny brown cylinder and in front of the big thing is what color? Answer: gray. Output: red
There is a red cylinder; how many tiny shiny cylinders are left of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
What material is the gray cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The gray cylinder is made of metal.
There is a small metal object that is in front of the small thing that is behind the shiny cylinder that is in front of the small brown thing; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: The small metal object that is in front of the shiny cylinder is silver.
How many shiny cylinders have the same size as the gray object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two shiny cylinders that have the same size as the gray object.
What color is the large shiny object that is behind the small brown cylinder? Answer: red. Output: The large shiny object that is behind the small brown cylinder is silver.
How many other objects are the same size as the gray cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects that are the same size as the gray cylinder.
How big is the cylinder that is both on the right side of the tiny brown thing and to the left of the gray thing? Answer: large. Output: 1 inch
Are there any other gray objects that have the same shape as the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other gray objects that have the same shape as the gray thing.
The tiny thing that is to the left of the tiny rubber object that is behind the tiny thing that is in front of the gray rubber ball is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
The rubber thing that is both right of the cyan matte object and to the left of the gray sphere is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
There is a small thing that is in front of the big rubber object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
The other tiny object that is made of the same material as the tiny gray object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many rubber objects are either small blue cylinders or large things? Answer: 1. Output: There are three rubber objects in the image, two of which are small blue cylinders and one of which is a large object.
How many cyan spheres are on the left side of the big matte sphere on the left side of the thing in front of the cyan rubber ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are two cyan spheres on the left side of the big matte sphere on the left side of the thing in front of the cyan rubber ball.
There is a thing that is behind the large cyan rubber sphere; is its size the same as the ball in front of the large cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a gray thing that is the same shape as the green object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many small objects are purple rubber balls or gray spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small objects that are purple rubber balls or gray spheres.
What is the tiny green sphere made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny green sphere is made of plastic.
How many matte things are big green balls or spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three matte things that are big green balls or spheres.
There is a red rubber sphere; what number of small red spheres are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there any red matte balls that have the same size as the green metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three red matte balls that have the same size as the green metal thing.
Are there any other tiny balls that have the same color as the matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two other tiny balls that have the same color as the matte ball.
Are there any other things that have the same size as the red matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the red matte object is the only object of its size in the scene.
What number of small spheres are the same color as the big thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a small shiny object; is it the same color as the object that is behind the small red metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are tiny green matte things or red balls that are behind the red matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny green matte things or red balls that are behind the red matte object.
What size is the red sphere that is behind the tiny object in front of the red shiny object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the red sphere that is behind the tiny object in front of the red shiny object is small.
Are there the same number of red metal things behind the green thing and small metal spheres that are on the right side of the small metal sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of red metal things behind the green thing and small metal spheres that are on the right side of the small metal sphere.
Is there a brown cylinder that has the same material as the brown thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a brown cylinder that has the same material as the brown thing.
Is there a brown matte cylinder that is left of the tiny brown rubber cylinder in front of the small red metal object on the right side of the brown thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a brown matte cylinder that is left of the tiny brown rubber cylinder in front of the small red metal object on the right side of the brown thing.
Is the size of the red metal thing that is to the right of the brown thing the same as the rubber cylinder to the right of the big red matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of small matte cylinders are there? Answer: 1. Output: 4
What size is the red shiny cylinder that is in front of the red thing that is behind the small red thing that is on the right side of the brown cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the red shiny cylinder that is in front of the red thing that is behind the small red thing that is on the right side of the brown cylinder is 10 centimeters.
Is there anything else that has the same size as the red rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a red matte object; what number of metal objects are behind it? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there the same number of small red metallic cylinders right of the tiny brown thing and tiny metallic things? Answer: no. Output: Yes
How many things are either tiny shiny cylinders or rubber cylinders? Answer: 4. Output: There are three tiny shiny cylinders and one rubber cylinder in the image.
What shape is the rubber object that is behind the big red thing in front of the brown cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: circle
What is the size of the sphere that is to the left of the sphere in front of the matte ball behind the big cyan thing? Answer: large. Output: Large
What number of big things are behind the rubber object in front of the green object? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a thing that is behind the big cyan ball and on the left side of the small green thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many matte things are either brown things or cyan spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three matte things in the image, two of which are brown spheres and one of which is a cyan sphere.
What material is the large cyan thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The large cyan thing is made of plastic.
The ball behind the rubber ball that is right of the big thing that is in front of the shiny sphere is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: rubber
How many objects are big cyan rubber balls or matte spheres that are to the left of the tiny thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
Do the big thing that is in front of the green object and the sphere behind the green thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many blue things are either small matte things or large balls? Answer: 0. Output: There are two blue things in the image. One is a small matte object and the other is a large ball.
What size is the cyan matte ball? Answer: large. Output: The size of the cyan matte ball is not specified in the image.
Is the number of brown balls less than the number of tiny spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are the tiny purple object and the big brown ball made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny purple object and the big brown ball are made of different materials.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the large sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Are there more small purple metallic objects than large yellow metal objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more small purple metallic objects than large yellow metal objects.
Do the red rubber object and the shiny object left of the matte sphere have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small ball that is to the left of the purple metal ball; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: gold
What number of purple objects are either spheres or tiny shiny objects? Answer: 1. Output: 1
The small rubber ball is what color? Answer: red. Output: purple.
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the red sphere? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of objects in front of the large object less than the number of objects in front of the red sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the small cyan metal object? Answer: 4. Output: 5
There is a object that is the same size as the cyan ball; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: gold
What number of objects are large brown metal objects or small yellow things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large brown metal objects and one small yellow thing.
There is a cyan sphere; are there any cyan spheres behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a big red sphere that has the same material as the brown sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big red sphere that has the same material as the brown sphere.
How many balls are either yellow metallic things or brown shiny things? Answer: 4. Output: There are three balls that are either yellow metallic things or brown shiny things.
Are there more big metallic things that are on the right side of the big brown sphere than cyan shiny balls that are to the right of the tiny cyan ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more big metallic things that are on the right side of the big brown sphere than cyan shiny balls that are to the right of the tiny cyan ball.
The brown object that is made of the same material as the small yellow sphere is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many objects are either shiny spheres behind the brown ball or tiny objects? Answer: 4. Output: There are three shiny spheres behind the brown ball, and one tiny object.
There is a brown shiny object that is the same shape as the cyan metallic thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there anything else that is the same material as the yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the green cube is made of the same material as the yellow cube.
There is a small rubber thing behind the tiny cube that is in front of the tiny yellow block; are there any tiny red things in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny block behind the small yellow metal block; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many tiny objects are either yellow metallic things or blue rubber blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny objects that are either yellow metallic things or blue rubber blocks.
There is a shiny block that is behind the red rubber block; is it the same size as the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other things are the same color as the tiny shiny thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What material is the blue thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The blue thing is made of plastic.
What is the material of the cube that is both on the right side of the large matte block and to the left of the small blue rubber cube? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of objects are either rubber things that are in front of the small yellow block or large gray shiny objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are either rubber things or large gray shiny objects in front of the small yellow block.
Are there any green metal things of the same size as the red matte block? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no green metal things of the same size as the red matte block.
What number of metallic things are either cylinders or small red things? Answer: 2. Output: 2
How many other things are the same material as the green cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 2
What number of tiny objects are gray objects or green objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are two tiny objects that are gray and one tiny object that is green.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the small rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 2
How many cyan objects are either tiny rubber cylinders or cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There is only one cyan object, which is a tiny rubber cylinder.
Are there the same number of small green things that are in front of the green matte cylinder and matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What number of cyan metallic objects have the same shape as the small green thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
What number of cyan metal cylinders are there? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Are there any cylinders on the left side of the small green object? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many objects are either cylinders or small metallic things that are in front of the matte cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either cylinders or small metallic things that are in front of the matte cylinder.
Is there another rubber ball that has the same size as the green sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the metallic thing to the right of the tiny cyan metallic ball and the rubber object that is to the left of the green rubber object have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many shiny things are either small green things or large yellow balls? Answer: 0. Output: There are three shiny things in the image, two of which are small green things and one of which is a large yellow ball.
What number of red things are in front of the rubber thing that is on the left side of the tiny metallic ball behind the tiny cyan metallic ball? Answer: 0. Output: three
What color is the sphere that is in front of the red matte ball and to the left of the tiny green sphere? Answer: cyan. Output: The sphere that is in front of the red matte ball and to the left of the tiny green sphere is blue.
How many objects are either tiny green rubber things or tiny green objects that are right of the cyan sphere? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a red sphere in front of the tiny ball that is behind the small red sphere on the left side of the red shiny sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of green things are either small balls or tiny metallic balls? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the tiny green thing? Answer: 3. Output: 3
The thing that is both in front of the red rubber thing and left of the red metallic object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What is the shape of the big matte object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The big matte object is a cylinder.
Are there more purple objects that are in front of the large gray metallic cylinder than large purple metal objects behind the large purple shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more purple objects that are in front of the large gray metallic cylinder than large purple metal objects behind the large purple shiny thing.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the gray cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 3
The big cylinder that is both in front of the gray shiny object and right of the big matte object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: The big cylinder that is both in front of the gray shiny object and right of the big matte object is made of metal.
What material is the other large purple thing that is the same shape as the large purple shiny thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a purple object in front of the purple thing behind the large purple metal thing; what number of purple objects are to the left of it? Answer: 1. Output: two
Are there any other things that have the same color as the big matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two other things that have the same color as the big matte thing.
What number of big objects are in front of the big gray cylinder and on the right side of the large matte object? Answer: 1. Output: three
Do the metal object behind the large purple shiny cylinder and the cylinder that is right of the gray object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the metal object behind the large purple shiny cylinder and the cylinder that is right of the gray object have the same size.
What number of things are either metallic cylinders that are behind the large purple matte cylinder or big purple shiny cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: three
Do the big object and the small metal thing have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No, the big object is silver and the small metal thing is red.
Are the gray cylinder on the left side of the tiny gray object and the gray cylinder in front of the big gray cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the gray cylinder on the left side of the tiny gray object and the gray cylinder in front of the big gray cylinder are made of the same material.
How many other large things have the same shape as the large metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other large things that have the same shape as the large metallic object.
Are the red cylinder and the gray cylinder that is to the left of the tiny metallic object made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the red cylinder and the gray cylinder are not made of the same material. The red cylinder is made of plastic, while the gray cylinder is made of metal.
Is there a brown rubber object of the same size as the rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there is no brown rubber object of the same size as the rubber cylinder.
The metallic object that is the same size as the red cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of other things are the same color as the big metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
The object that is to the right of the large cylinder and behind the tiny gray metal cylinder has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: circle
There is a metallic cylinder that is on the right side of the gray object that is behind the small red rubber object; are there any gray things that are behind it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other things are the same material as the big object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other things that are the same material as the big object.
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the green matte object? Answer: no. Output: No
The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? green. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny object is what color? red. The cylinder that is made of the same material as the tiny
Are there more purple objects than big red cylinders? Answer: no. Output: No
Are any tiny green matte cylinders visible? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no tiny green matte cylinders visible.
The large object in front of the large cylinder right of the small green cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of things are tiny rubber cylinders or rubber cylinders in front of the large red cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
What color is the metal cylinder that is behind the rubber object that is to the left of the rubber object that is behind the red thing? Answer: red. Output: green
What material is the big yellow thing that is the same shape as the green thing? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
The large matte cylinder has what color? Answer: yellow. Output: The large matte cylinder is red.
Is the color of the large rubber object the same as the shiny object? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the large rubber object is different from the shiny object.
Does the small cylinder have the same color as the metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the small cylinder has the same color as the metal cylinder. No, the small cylinder has a different color than the metal cylinder.
Is there anything else that is the same material as the large blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two smaller cylinders that are the same material as the large blue cylinder.
The small rubber cylinder has what color? Answer: blue. Output: The small rubber cylinder has a blue color.
What is the shape of the large metallic object that is the same color as the small matte cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: The large metallic object that is the same color as the small matte cylinder is a cylinder.
There is a cylinder that is the same material as the cyan thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a rubber thing in front of the matte thing behind the cylinder that is to the right of the blue matte thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is another cylinder that is the same color as the shiny cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Does the cyan matte object that is right of the small rubber thing have the same size as the rubber cylinder that is left of the big cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many cylinders are either blue shiny things or cyan objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three cylinders in the image, two of which are blue and one is cyan.
How many metallic objects are either big blue blocks or blue cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metallic objects that are either big blue blocks or blue cylinders.
Is the large matte object the same color as the small thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the large matte object is the same color as the small thing.
What is the size of the gray metallic thing that is right of the big shiny cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the gray metallic thing that is right of the big shiny cylinder is small.
Are there any green metallic spheres that have the same size as the matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two green metallic spheres that have the same size as the matte object.
There is a gray cylinder in front of the cyan object; is its size the same as the tiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the cyan rubber thing? Answer: large. Output: 2 inches
What color is the metal thing in front of the metallic object behind the gray object that is in front of the cyan cylinder? Answer: gray. Output: The metal thing in front of the metallic object behind the gray object is silver.
Is the color of the metallic object left of the tiny shiny cylinder the same as the large rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of cylinders are both behind the large gray object and in front of the tiny shiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: two
What size is the other cyan object that is the same shape as the big shiny thing? Answer: large. Output: 1/2 inch
What number of shiny objects are behind the gray cylinder that is behind the big object that is in front of the big cyan rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two shiny objects behind the gray cylinder that is behind the big object that is in front of the big cyan rubber cylinder.
What number of things are made of the same material as the red cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 2
What color is the tiny object? Answer: red. Output: The tiny object is red.
Does the large matte object to the left of the tiny object have the same shape as the red metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are big gray things that are to the left of the tiny metallic cylinder or small cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is there another large thing that has the same shape as the metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the big matte thing that is on the left side of the object in front of the large rubber cylinder to the left of the metal thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a metallic object; is its shape the same as the big gray rubber thing that is to the right of the shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many tiny things are either red metallic objects or brown shiny things? Answer: 1. Output: There are two tiny red metallic objects and one tiny brown shiny thing.
What is the color of the large rubber cylinder left of the gray rubber cylinder in front of the gray matte cylinder that is on the left side of the tiny cylinder? Answer: gray. Output: red
Does the small thing have the same material as the thing that is to the right of the red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What shape is the object that is the same color as the tiny metallic block? Answer: cube. Output: The object that is the same color as the tiny metallic block is a cube.
Is the big metallic block the same color as the small shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: No, the big metallic block is red and the small shiny block is purple.
There is a red shiny object in front of the purple matte cube; what number of big matte cubes are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Are the block that is in front of the purple thing and the big thing to the left of the large metallic thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the block in front of the purple thing and the big thing to the left of the large metallic thing are made of different materials.
How many large purple objects have the same shape as the tiny object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many big metal blocks have the same color as the tiny metal block? Answer: 1. Output: There are two big metal blocks that have the same color as the tiny metal block.
Do the large object left of the large metal cube and the metallic object that is in front of the tiny red metal cube have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: No, the large object left of the large metal cube and the metallic object that is in front of the tiny red metal cube have different shapes. The large object left of the large metal cube has a rectangular shape, while the metallic object that is in front of the tiny red metal cube has a cylindrical shape.
There is a shiny cube that is to the right of the red metal object in front of the big purple rubber cube; what number of big red metal objects are on the right side of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What material is the red block left of the red metallic thing behind the red thing in front of the small metal block? Answer: metal. Output: The red block left of the red metallic thing behind the red thing in front of the small metal block is made of plastic.
Do the red cube behind the big red shiny block and the big red cube have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the ball that is in front of the big metallic ball and to the left of the tiny cyan rubber ball? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the ball that is in front of the big metallic ball and to the left of the tiny cyan rubber ball is blue.
What is the color of the tiny rubber thing? Answer: cyan. Output: The tiny rubber thing is blue.
Do the tiny cyan object and the cyan sphere that is left of the big cyan metal thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
The other cyan thing that is the same material as the small thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a rubber ball that is the same size as the metal ball; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a cyan ball on the left side of the cyan shiny sphere; is it the same size as the small ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the large metallic object have the same color as the small matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the large metallic object has the same color as the small matte ball.
How many big rubber things are there? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What number of balls are tiny yellow metallic things or large metal things? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small yellow metallic things and one large metal thing.
There is a large cyan thing that is to the right of the large matte object; how many small things are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: three
What number of objects are either yellow cylinders or tiny green rubber things? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Does the purple object have the same shape as the small gray object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any small gray balls made of the same material as the tiny green sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three small gray balls made of the same material as the tiny green sphere.
There is a object that is behind the small matte ball; is there a small purple thing that is behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the sphere that is to the left of the gray object have the same size as the tiny green matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The purple metal thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any spheres of the same color as the matte thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three spheres of the same color as the matte thing.
What number of tiny objects are purple spheres or gray shiny balls? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How big is the sphere that is on the right side of the purple object and to the left of the green rubber object? Answer: small. Output: small
How many small gray shiny objects are behind the small gray metal ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small gray shiny objects behind the small gray metal ball.
Are there more big cyan shiny balls on the left side of the big red sphere than cyan metal objects? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more big cyan shiny balls on the left side of the big red sphere.
What number of other things are the same shape as the cyan shiny object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What is the material of the ball that is behind the red metal ball and on the left side of the large cyan thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the ball that is behind the red metal ball and on the left side of the large cyan thing is plastic.
How many things are either big red shiny things or tiny rubber things? Answer: 2. Output: There are two big red shiny things and one tiny rubber thing.
Is the number of big rubber spheres greater than the number of cyan shiny balls? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red ball that is behind the red thing that is in front of the tiny red matte ball; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What color is the tiny matte object that is the same shape as the large cyan shiny thing? Answer: red. Output: The tiny matte object that is the same shape as the large cyan shiny thing is red.
The matte thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many blocks are either rubber things or big red metallic objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two rubber things and one big red metallic object.
The cyan thing that is the same shape as the small red rubber thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the brown matte object? Answer: no. Output: No
The thing that is behind the blue metallic cylinder and in front of the large red cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: Plastic. The thing that is behind the blue metallic cylinder and in front of the large red cylinder is made of plastic.
There is a brown matte object in front of the shiny cylinder behind the big shiny cylinder in front of the red metallic cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: There is a brown matte object in front of the shiny cylinder behind the big shiny cylinder in front of the red metallic cylinder. The size of the brown matte object is not specified.
Are there more brown things behind the small object than big cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more brown things behind the small object than big cylinders. Yes, there are more brown things behind the small object than big cylinders.
Is there a large gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of matte objects have the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the number of big cylinders that are behind the large blue metallic cylinder greater than the number of big red metal things that are to the left of the brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a big red object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of yellow things are either small matte things or big cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a blue object that is the same material as the large red object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many blue objects are cubes or small metal objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are two blue objects that are cubes or small metal objects.
What number of gray blocks are the same size as the blue metal block? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the big object that is on the right side of the gray rubber cube and the small object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cube in front of the blue object; are there any matte objects that are to the right of it? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another large thing that is the same shape as the gray matte thing; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there more big blue metallic objects to the right of the tiny metallic cube than big gray matte blocks that are on the left side of the large gray rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more big blue metallic objects to the right of the tiny metallic cube than big gray matte blocks that are on the left side of the large gray rubber cube.
There is a blue thing that is made of the same material as the tiny block; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the number of small brown metallic objects in front of the tiny brown metallic object greater than the number of small purple rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are the same color as the small metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there more large cyan things than brown blocks? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a big object that is behind the ball that is in front of the red metal object; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: The big object behind the ball that is in front of the red metal object is silver.
What number of large red objects are in front of the shiny thing behind the large ball that is behind the big yellow thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large red objects in front of the shiny thing behind the large ball that is behind the big yellow thing.
Does the big metal object to the left of the large red thing have the same shape as the big metal object that is right of the yellow ball? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many objects are large red things or brown balls? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large red things or brown balls in the image.
What is the large ball left of the metal sphere on the right side of the yellow ball made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there another metallic thing of the same color as the tiny metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another metallic thing of the same color as the tiny metallic thing.
What is the color of the metallic thing that is the same size as the red sphere? Answer: yellow. Output: The color of the metallic thing that is the same size as the red sphere is gold.
The large sphere in front of the big metal object behind the big shiny thing in front of the large red metal object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: The large sphere in front of the big metal object behind the big shiny thing in front of the large red metal object is made of gold.
Does the small object have the same color as the large metal thing that is on the left side of the red object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are metal objects behind the yellow sphere or large things that are left of the big red metallic object? Answer: 3. Output: There are three metal objects behind the yellow sphere or large things that are left of the big red metallic object.
There is a thing that is to the left of the gray rubber block and behind the small cyan rubber block; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there an equal number of gray rubber objects that are left of the metal object and small shiny objects on the right side of the cyan matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of gray rubber objects that are left of the metal object and small shiny objects on the right side of the cyan matte object.
Do the large rubber object behind the tiny green cube and the green object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many gray objects are either big rubber blocks or metal objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are two gray objects that are either big rubber blocks or metal objects.
What material is the other small object that is the same shape as the tiny metallic thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The other small object that is the same shape as the tiny metallic thing is made of plastic.
What shape is the matte thing that is left of the gray rubber thing? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there any spheres that have the same material as the small green object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no spheres that have the same material as the small green object.
Do the green block and the gray matte block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No, the green block is smaller than the gray matte block.
What number of blocks are either tiny matte things or green metal things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What number of other green shiny things have the same shape as the big object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many other things are the same size as the purple sphere? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the big yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The other tiny object that is the same shape as the purple shiny object is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: green
There is another big sphere that is the same material as the big yellow sphere; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: purple
Are there the same number of tiny yellow spheres that are on the right side of the big green object and large metal blocks? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of tiny yellow spheres on the right side of the big green object and large metal blocks.
Does the yellow thing behind the shiny object have the same size as the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the rubber thing that is the same size as the green rubber sphere? Answer: yellow. Output: purple
Are there any large matte objects behind the yellow rubber ball behind the rubber thing that is in front of the purple ball? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large matte objects behind the yellow rubber ball behind the rubber thing that is in front of the purple ball.
What material is the ball behind the large green rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: The ball behind the large green rubber object is made of plastic.
There is a big green thing; does it have the same shape as the yellow rubber thing in front of the purple metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small yellow object; how many tiny yellow cylinders are on the left side of it? Answer: 0. Output: one
What number of cubes are yellow matte objects or big yellow metallic objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three yellow matte objects or big yellow metallic objects.
What size is the object that is both right of the tiny yellow cylinder and to the left of the cyan metallic cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other objects are the same color as the large matte cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects that are the same color as the large matte cylinder.
Are the tiny cyan cylinder and the big thing left of the small cyan thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are either yellow shiny objects that are behind the tiny cyan metallic cylinder or big purple matte objects? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the size of the yellow cylinder that is made of the same material as the small blue cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The yellow cylinder is much larger than the small blue cylinder.
What number of objects are objects that are behind the cyan metallic thing or shiny things that are behind the tiny cyan cylinder? Answer: 4. Output: There are three objects that are behind the cyan metallic thing or shiny things that are behind the tiny cyan cylinder.
There is a cylinder that is in front of the purple thing; is its size the same as the blue rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the matte cylinder on the left side of the small yellow matte thing? Answer: purple. Output: purple
There is a thing that is left of the tiny red metal thing; is it the same color as the big object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are on the left side of the red shiny cylinder and in front of the blue cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of other objects are there of the same material as the big green thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the material of the tiny object in front of the large thing the same as the large thing? Answer: no. Output: No, the material of the tiny object is different from the material of the large thing.
There is a thing to the right of the red metal cylinder in front of the object behind the large green rubber cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other objects are the same color as the small rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects that are the same color as the small rubber object.
There is a matte cylinder that is behind the green cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the color of the object that is in front of the big cylinder the same as the matte cylinder that is behind the large green object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the color of the object that is in front of the big cylinder is the same as the matte cylinder that is behind the large green object.
There is a tiny cylinder that is to the left of the small cylinder that is in front of the big rubber cylinder on the right side of the blue matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are there any green shiny cubes of the same size as the red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two green shiny cubes of the same size as the red cylinder.
There is a tiny object to the left of the gray metal cylinder; does it have the same color as the small metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are cylinders that are in front of the large red shiny cylinder or shiny cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are three cylinders that are in front of the large red shiny cylinder or shiny cylinders.
Are there any tiny gray things in front of the gray metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no tiny gray things in front of the gray metallic cylinder.
There is a small cylinder that is the same color as the large matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Do the small thing that is behind the tiny gray thing and the red cylinder have the same material? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any small things that are on the left side of the matte cylinder that is right of the large green matte thing behind the big red metal thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many cylinders are either gray things or rubber things? Answer: 3. Output: There are three cylinders in the image, two of which are gray and one of which is rubber.
What material is the object that is in front of the big shiny cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The object that is in front of the big shiny cylinder is made of metal.
What is the size of the object that is the same color as the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the object that is the same color as the tiny rubber cylinder is much larger.
Do the small cylinder behind the red metal cylinder and the small thing that is in front of the big red metallic thing have the same color? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small cylinder behind the red metal cylinder and the small thing that is in front of the big red metallic thing have the same color. They are both green.
There is a cyan object that is the same size as the purple sphere; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a metal ball that is behind the large red ball; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: gold
How many things are either red metallic spheres that are in front of the big red metallic thing or large shiny balls that are left of the big red metal ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three red metallic spheres that are in front of the big red metallic thing, and there is one large shiny ball that is left of the big red metal ball.
Is the brown object the same size as the purple thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of spheres are tiny red things or large red metal things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many objects are both on the left side of the tiny metallic sphere and behind the purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: two
There is a purple metal object; does it have the same size as the red metal sphere that is in front of the purple sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metallic thing left of the cyan metallic object that is left of the tiny brown matte thing; are there any small brown things that are to the left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the material of the red ball in front of the object that is right of the small rubber ball? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a thing that is both left of the small red ball and in front of the big cyan metallic object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Does the tiny metal thing that is in front of the brown metal object have the same color as the large metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of purple objects are large spheres or matte balls? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Do the small thing to the left of the brown thing and the small brown thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are either brown shiny spheres or metallic objects in front of the brown thing? Answer: 3. Output: There are three brown shiny spheres and one metallic object in front of the brown thing.
What number of spheres are in front of the big ball right of the big gray thing behind the purple shiny sphere? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a brown thing that is behind the big gray shiny object; is its shape the same as the large matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big thing that is behind the gray matte sphere; are there any brown balls that are in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many gray metal objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: There are three gray metal objects.
What color is the rubber thing that is both behind the tiny yellow object and to the left of the gray rubber sphere? Answer: red. Output: blue
What is the size of the cyan matte object that is the same shape as the small red object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan matte object that is the same shape as the small red object is about the size of a golf ball.
How many shiny objects are either purple cylinders or small cyan things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three shiny objects that are either purple cylinders or small cyan things.
Is there a gray cylinder of the same size as the purple matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a gray cylinder of the same size as the purple matte cylinder.
How many red matte cylinders have the same size as the yellow object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two red matte cylinders that have the same size as the yellow object.
Does the cylinder that is right of the small blue thing have the same size as the blue matte thing that is right of the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are red blocks or matte cylinders behind the yellow matte object? Answer: 3. Output: There are three red blocks or matte cylinders behind the yellow matte object.
The big cylinder on the right side of the large cylinder in front of the cylinder right of the small blue rubber cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What is the size of the purple cylinder that is made of the same material as the blue thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is a purple thing; does it have the same size as the brown cylinder on the right side of the big yellow matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big matte object that is to the left of the thing that is on the right side of the blue matte cylinder; how many big yellow objects are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big yellow objects in front of the blue matte cylinder.
There is a brown cylinder; are there any big yellow matte objects left of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the small rubber ball that is right of the tiny matte object left of the tiny brown rubber object right of the small red object? Answer: brown. Output: red
Are there fewer matte balls that are in front of the red object than brown matte balls left of the big gray thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the shape of the big gray object the same as the brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of brown spheres have the same size as the gray sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there fewer red rubber balls that are to the right of the large gray thing than tiny red blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a sphere to the right of the tiny brown thing that is in front of the gray matte thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many objects are small brown matte spheres or small metal objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small brown matte spheres or small metal objects in the image.
Are there any tiny balls that have the same color as the big object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no tiny balls that have the same color as the big object.
Is the number of purple shiny objects less than the number of brown objects? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of objects are either brown cubes or small rubber objects behind the big gray object? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is there anything else that has the same material as the large green cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a smaller blue cube that has the same material as the large green cube.
Does the small gray cube have the same material as the large thing in front of the large rubber block? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there a blue thing to the left of the tiny rubber cube behind the large gray rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a green thing that is the same shape as the large gray rubber object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of small gray things are to the left of the matte thing in front of the big green metallic cube? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there any other things of the same color as the large metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other things of the same color as the large metallic object.
How many things are small objects or tiny blocks that are behind the green cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small objects or tiny blocks that are behind the green cube.
The green object in front of the gray object that is to the left of the gray matte object on the right side of the tiny blue object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: The green object in front of the gray object that is to the left of the gray matte object on the right side of the tiny blue object is made of metal.
The blue thing that is made of the same material as the small gray thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
The cube to the right of the big thing behind the large green shiny object is what color? Answer: green. Output: blue
Are there any other things that are the same size as the green rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small block that is on the left side of the large green matte cube and to the right of the small cyan metal object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the number of green blocks less than the number of large brown cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a matte thing in front of the yellow rubber object on the left side of the green matte block; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a yellow object that is on the right side of the tiny yellow block in front of the matte block that is behind the tiny cyan metallic block; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
What color is the tiny matte object on the left side of the rubber cube that is in front of the yellow cube left of the green cube? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
How many balls are tiny cyan metal things or matte objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny cyan metal things or matte objects in the picture.
What is the color of the tiny metallic block? Answer: cyan. Output: The tiny metallic block is silver.
How many objects are cyan shiny blocks or tiny matte things? Answer: 3. Output: There are two cyan shiny blocks or tiny matte things in the image.
There is a green thing that is on the right side of the tiny cyan metallic cube; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the color of the small metallic object that is the same shape as the big metal thing? Answer: green. Output: The small metallic object that is the same shape as the big metal thing is green.
Is there anything else that has the same material as the tiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the size of the other cyan thing that is the same shape as the large metallic object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the other cyan thing that is the same shape as the large metallic object is smaller than the large metallic object.
What is the material of the cyan sphere in front of the big cyan matte object? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the cyan sphere in front of the big cyan matte object is plastic.
Is the number of cyan things behind the cyan matte object less than the number of big yellow matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
The cyan object that is on the right side of the big sphere behind the big metal sphere is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
The tiny metal thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: silver.
How many other objects are the same size as the green metallic sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects that are the same size as the green metallic sphere.
What material is the thing that is to the right of the matte thing and behind the green thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a shiny ball in front of the cyan metal object; is it the same size as the large rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big shiny object to the left of the big purple metal object; is its shape the same as the small blue rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any tiny purple matte things? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the tiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of large purple cylinders in front of the rubber cylinder greater than the number of large green blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any objects behind the purple metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no objects behind the purple metallic cylinder.
Do the purple metallic cylinder and the gray shiny object have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No, the purple metallic cylinder is smaller than the gray shiny object.
What size is the purple object that is the same shape as the blue object? Answer: large. Output: The purple object is the same size as the blue object.
Are there any other things that have the same size as the gray shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the gray shiny object is the only object in the image.
The thing that is in front of the large thing that is behind the gray cylinder is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal.
Do the large gray thing and the blue thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
The tiny matte thing has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there an equal number of tiny matte cylinders behind the cyan cylinder and small cyan rubber objects? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there anything else that has the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of yellow objects behind the tiny cyan matte thing less than the number of large gray metal objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many matte objects are either big cylinders or objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three matte objects in the image, which are either big cylinders or objects.
Is there anything else that is the same color as the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of objects are cylinders or matte cylinders that are to the right of the small rubber cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: three
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the cyan cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 2
How many rubber cylinders are to the right of the small matte cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: 2
How many red objects are small objects or large cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are no red objects in the image.
Is the material of the green cube the same as the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What shape is the big cyan object that is the same material as the big green thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What color is the rubber block that is behind the cyan thing? Answer: yellow. Output: The rubber block that is behind the cyan thing is green.
There is a large cyan thing that is the same shape as the large green object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many green blocks have the same size as the yellow thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
The cyan rubber thing has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a matte thing that is both in front of the yellow matte block and behind the green cube; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: 10 feet
What is the cube in front of the large cyan matte object made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The cube in front of the large cyan matte object is made of plastic.
How many things are either big matte objects on the left side of the big cyan cube or large cubes in front of the yellow block? Answer: 3. Output: There are three big matte objects on the left side of the big cyan cube or large cubes in front of the yellow block.
There is a cube that is behind the large green cube and to the right of the large yellow block; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
Is the number of brown rubber balls greater than the number of metal cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small thing on the right side of the small yellow metal thing; is it the same shape as the yellow metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of spheres are in front of the brown matte ball and on the left side of the large thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
What number of other tiny metal objects are the same shape as the small yellow thing? Answer: 0. Output: one
There is a matte sphere that is in front of the rubber thing that is on the left side of the big sphere; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: gold
Do the tiny yellow metal object and the matte thing that is on the left side of the large rubber ball have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
The thing on the left side of the matte sphere that is behind the ball to the right of the brown rubber thing is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there a sphere of the same size as the yellow metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a sphere of the same size as the yellow metal object.
There is a object that is made of the same material as the tiny brown ball; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the brown thing made of the same material as the tiny object that is to the left of the small brown rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cubes are either big red rubber things or small matte things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
How many things are purple things or big things? Answer: 4. Output: 1
Are there any purple metallic cubes? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of small objects are either rubber things or red balls? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is the number of rubber objects greater than the number of small balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of red spheres less than the number of objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many rubber things are either red balls or tiny purple spheres? Answer: 4. Output: There are three rubber things that are either red balls or tiny purple spheres.
What number of cyan objects are spheres or large objects? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of purple spheres are there? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the tiny gray thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other objects have the same shape as the matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Do the block to the right of the purple shiny thing and the tiny gray matte cube have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a object that is in front of the small shiny block and behind the tiny gray rubber cube; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: The object that is in front of the small shiny block and behind the tiny gray rubber cube is about the same size as the small shiny block.
How many green shiny cubes are the same size as the gray object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two green shiny cubes that are the same size as the gray object.
What number of large purple shiny objects are behind the thing that is in front of the large metal object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large purple shiny objects behind the thing that is in front of the large metal object.
Is there a small block that is behind the large object that is in front of the object that is on the right side of the purple shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small block that is behind the large object that is in front of the object that is on the right side of the purple shiny cube.
There is a thing that is behind the tiny gray cube and in front of the small green metal thing; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a metallic object to the left of the small cube on the right side of the small rubber cube; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
There is a gray rubber object to the left of the small block behind the tiny object that is to the left of the small green block; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any other things that are the same material as the purple cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the green cube is made of the same material as the purple cube.
What material is the block to the left of the small brown rubber block? Answer: rubber. Output: The block to the left of the small brown rubber block is made of metal.
There is another large metal object that is the same shape as the green thing; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
What number of metal blocks have the same color as the small rubber block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Do the cube that is behind the small object and the rubber thing that is in front of the big green object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the brown object have the same size as the object right of the small brown thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the size of the brown block? Answer: small. Output: The size of the brown block is not specified in the image.
There is another block that is made of the same material as the brown cube; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: purple
What number of small cubes are made of the same material as the large green cube? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many objects are either big green cubes or things that are in front of the big green object? Answer: 3. Output: There are two objects that are either big green cubes or things that are in front of the big green object.
What number of things are big blue rubber cubes or tiny metallic things in front of the tiny cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a cyan ball that is the same size as the red thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Do the blue object and the tiny cyan object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the blue object and the tiny cyan object do not have the same material. The blue object is made of metal, while the tiny cyan object is made of plastic.
There is a metallic thing that is on the right side of the blue ball and in front of the small cyan shiny thing; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: red
There is a red thing that is the same size as the cyan shiny object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of other objects are the same color as the large metal sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 3
How many other objects are there of the same material as the blue object? Answer: 2. Output: There are two other objects of the same material as the blue object.
There is a cyan object; is it the same size as the metallic object that is in front of the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The large metal object has what color? Answer: blue. Output: The large metal object has a blue color.
What is the shape of the small metallic thing that is on the left side of the small sphere in front of the tiny cyan shiny thing right of the big blue shiny object? Answer: sphere. Output: The small metallic thing that is on the left side of the small sphere in front of the tiny cyan shiny thing right of the big blue shiny object is a sphere.
What is the material of the red object that is on the right side of the metal thing in front of the tiny red shiny cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the red object that is on the right side of the metal thing in front of the tiny red shiny cylinder is plastic.
Are there any large rubber cylinders of the same color as the large shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large rubber cylinders of the same color as the large shiny cylinder.
There is another metallic cylinder that is the same size as the red shiny cylinder; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: blue
There is a tiny object that is on the left side of the small red metallic thing that is on the right side of the object that is in front of the tiny red cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: The tiny object that is on the left side of the small red metallic thing that is on the right side of the object that is in front of the tiny red cylinder is made of plastic.
How many things are shiny things that are behind the red object or metal things that are on the right side of the big blue shiny object? Answer: 3. Output: There are three shiny things that are behind the red object or metal things that are on the right side of the big blue shiny object.
There is a big blue object that is behind the thing on the right side of the gray cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there any cylinders that have the same material as the red object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two cylinders that have the same material as the red object.
There is another large object that is the same shape as the red metal thing; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Are there fewer large cylinders to the right of the small red object than metal cylinders right of the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the big blue shiny object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is there a yellow shiny cylinder of the same size as the green metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a yellow shiny cylinder of the same size as the green metallic cylinder.
There is a thing on the right side of the green object; what number of tiny matte things are to the left of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
What is the small brown cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small brown cylinder is made of wood.
There is a large green shiny object; what number of brown rubber objects are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: two
Is the number of large green metallic cylinders greater than the number of small purple matte cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is both to the right of the yellow shiny thing and left of the small brown cylinder; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the material of the big cylinder behind the large yellow metal thing the same as the tiny brown cylinder that is behind the big yellow shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the material of the big cylinder behind the large yellow metal thing is the same as the tiny brown cylinder that is behind the big yellow shiny thing.
The other object that is the same size as the green thing is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the number of big green objects less than the number of purple metallic things? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a metal cylinder behind the big yellow shiny object; are there any large things in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large things in front of the metal cylinder.
How many other cylinders are the same color as the big rubber cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Does the green thing that is left of the tiny rubber object have the same shape as the big blue shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a metal thing behind the large metallic object on the left side of the metallic thing right of the gray metal cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What size is the blue cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The blue cylinder is about the size of a basketball.
The other large cylinder that is made of the same material as the gray cylinder is what color? Answer: blue. Output: green.
What number of cylinders have the same material as the blue object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a large matte cylinder; is its color the same as the rubber object in front of the big matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The metallic cylinder in front of the matte cylinder that is right of the big green rubber cylinder is what color? Answer: gray. Output: silver
What color is the other metal cylinder that is the same size as the gray metallic cylinder? Answer: blue. Output: The other metal cylinder that is the same size as the gray metallic cylinder is green.
Is there a large green object that has the same shape as the blue metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large green object that has the same shape as the blue metallic thing.
Are there any small cyan things of the same shape as the big rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the big rubber thing. Yes, there is a small cyan thing of the same shape as the
The rubber thing in front of the big yellow rubber object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: blue.
What size is the gray block that is made of the same material as the large object? Answer: small. Output: The gray block is the same size as the large object.
What is the size of the gray thing that is the same shape as the yellow thing? Answer: small. Output: 10x10
Is there a tiny red ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are small objects to the left of the cyan block or cyan metal blocks? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What material is the thing that is the same size as the cyan metal cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The thing that is the same size as the cyan metal cube is made of plastic.
What color is the rubber thing right of the rubber thing that is behind the gray thing? Answer: gray. Output: blue
How many tiny metal cubes are right of the tiny cyan object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny metal cubes right of the tiny cyan object.
The metal cube has what color? Answer: cyan. Output: The metal cube has a gray color.
What size is the block that is the same color as the tiny shiny thing? Answer: large. Output: The size of the block that is the same color as the tiny shiny thing is not specified in the image.
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the brown cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metal block left of the big object that is on the right side of the small shiny cube; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: silver
There is a thing in front of the large gray rubber cube; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of brown metallic blocks less than the number of metal cubes? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Does the tiny object have the same shape as the thing on the left side of the small cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is both to the right of the rubber cube and on the left side of the big metal block; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there an equal number of large matte objects that are in front of the tiny gray block and large cubes that are on the left side of the big gray rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of large matte objects that are in front of the tiny gray block and large cubes that are on the left side of the big gray rubber thing.
There is a large metallic thing that is to the right of the tiny gray metallic block; does it have the same shape as the small metal object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of brown objects are either big objects or tiny cubes? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the size of the cyan block the same as the red metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a red thing that is the same size as the cyan block; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is there a big shiny sphere of the same color as the tiny metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big shiny sphere of the same color as the tiny metal thing.
Is the red shiny object the same shape as the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big things are cyan things or red metal blocks? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a tiny block that is the same material as the large red thing; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
What number of objects are made of the same material as the big yellow cube? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a thing on the right side of the large yellow object; is it the same size as the metallic object that is to the left of the small object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the block on the left side of the thing in front of the big red object? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the block on the left side of the thing in front of the big red object is metal.
Are there fewer big cyan cubes that are left of the big yellow cube than tiny green blocks that are left of the small metal cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there anything else that is made of the same material as the green thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue thing and a yellow thing that are also made of the same material as the green thing.
Is there a purple matte cylinder that has the same size as the green matte object? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the material of the green cylinder that is the same size as the cyan metal thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the green cylinder that is the same size as the cyan metal thing is plastic.
How many things are shiny objects to the right of the green thing or cylinders on the right side of the big green matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three shiny objects to the right of the green thing or cylinders on the right side of the big green matte object.
Are there any other cyan things of the same shape as the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many matte objects are cyan cylinders or cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three matte objects in the image, two of which are cylinders.
What shape is the green thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of yellow blocks are the same material as the big cyan object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the color of the object that is the same material as the large cyan cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: The object that is the same material as the large cyan cylinder is green.
What color is the matte thing that is the same shape as the large cyan metal object? Answer: green. Output: The matte thing that is the same shape as the large cyan metal object is green.
What material is the other object that is the same size as the yellow metallic thing? Answer: metal. Output: The other object that is the same size as the yellow metallic thing is also made of metal.
Is the number of blue cylinders greater than the number of large purple matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the cylinder that is in front of the tiny cylinder on the right side of the large cyan cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the shape of the yellow shiny object that is the same size as the blue thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: The yellow shiny object that is the same size as the blue thing is a cylinder.
Does the metallic cylinder on the right side of the tiny yellow metallic cylinder have the same color as the metal cylinder that is on the left side of the large object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the metallic cylinder on the right side of the tiny yellow metallic cylinder has the same color as the metal cylinder that is on the left side of the large object.
How many tiny gray rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny gray rubber cylinders.
Are there any small yellow objects in front of the yellow metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no small yellow objects in front of the yellow metal cylinder.
Are the cylinder behind the blue shiny thing and the blue object behind the yellow object made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the cylinder behind the blue shiny thing and the blue object behind the yellow object are made of different materials.
Is the number of blue metal cylinders behind the matte cylinder less than the number of big cyan cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the tiny cylinder to the left of the big thing? Answer: yellow. Output: Blue
Is there a big block made of the same material as the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big block made of the same material as the yellow object.
What number of objects are both behind the brown thing and in front of the metallic cube? Answer: 1. Output: three
What is the large cube left of the brown rubber object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The large cube left of the brown rubber object is made of metal.
There is another thing that is the same material as the large cyan object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there any large cubes in front of the large metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large cubes in front of the large metallic thing.
What size is the metallic object that is the same shape as the cyan matte thing? Answer: large. Output: smaller
Is the color of the large metallic thing the same as the big rubber object that is in front of the cyan object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the color of the large metallic thing is the same as the big rubber object that is in front of the cyan object.
Are there fewer tiny brown rubber cylinders than large rubber things? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many other things are the same color as the large metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other things that are the same color as the large metal thing.
What number of big objects are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What color is the other small metallic thing that is the same shape as the cyan shiny object? Answer: brown. Output: gold
What is the shape of the brown metal thing in front of the matte object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The shape of the brown metal thing in front of the matte object is cylindrical.
What number of other tiny yellow objects have the same shape as the rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many objects are green rubber objects or small brown metal cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are three green rubber objects or small brown metal cylinders in the image.
What number of small red spheres have the same material as the cyan object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there fewer tiny brown metallic cylinders than blue rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the material of the cylinder that is behind the cyan cylinder the same as the brown thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many cylinders are tiny green matte things or tiny brown shiny things? Answer: 2. Output: There is one tiny green matte thing and one tiny brown shiny thing.
What shape is the tiny object that is to the right of the tiny cyan metal cylinder and behind the tiny brown metal cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: circle
What color is the metallic cylinder that is behind the tiny shiny thing in front of the small metal cylinder behind the tiny brown cylinder? Answer: cyan. Output: The metallic cylinder that is behind the tiny shiny thing in front of the small metal cylinder behind the tiny brown cylinder is gold.
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the red matte cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the rubber cube that is behind the large thing that is left of the gray matte cube? Answer: large. Output: 1 inch
What number of objects are matte objects to the left of the red rubber block or tiny green things? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there any cyan things that have the same size as the red block? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there a metal block in front of the thing to the left of the large gray cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a metal block in front of the thing to the left of the large gray cube.
How many balls are either big gray rubber objects or large red things? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big gray rubber objects and one large red thing.
Is there another metallic object of the same shape as the red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big shiny thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of things are red rubber balls or brown shiny blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a rubber thing in front of the brown thing; is it the same size as the thing to the left of the large matte cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of big yellow blocks have the same material as the red cube? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of objects are rubber objects that are in front of the large yellow metallic cube or large green matte cubes? Answer: 1. Output: There are three rubber objects that are in front of the large yellow metallic cube or large green matte cubes.
What size is the green thing? Answer: large. Output: The green thing is the same size as the red and yellow things.
There is a yellow block that is behind the large metal block that is in front of the red metallic object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: The yellow block is made of plastic, while the large metal block and the red metallic object are made of metal.
There is a rubber object that is behind the yellow metal cube; is its size the same as the large green matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are either matte things in front of the big red metallic cube or matte cubes in front of the big red metallic cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either matte things in front of the big red metallic cube or matte cubes in front of the big red metallic cube.
Is the number of big red cubes that are behind the large red cube less than the number of large yellow blocks in front of the yellow matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the big red cube have the same material as the green thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a object that is both in front of the big yellow matte cube and to the right of the large yellow metal thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What shape is the yellow metal thing that is the same size as the green thing? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a big sphere left of the yellow ball; is there a rubber sphere left of it? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of tiny cubes less than the number of yellow matte spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many yellow objects are the same shape as the red object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many green things are either rubber spheres or big balls? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How big is the sphere that is behind the big sphere right of the red sphere? Answer: large. Output: small
How many red rubber things have the same size as the yellow ball? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the red ball and the blue rubber thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a matte object that is both left of the yellow thing and behind the blue ball; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the number of large rubber things in front of the big red matte thing greater than the number of small rubber balls on the right side of the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What color is the small thing that is the same shape as the large red thing? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What is the tiny cyan thing that is on the right side of the cyan ball that is on the left side of the thing behind the cyan shiny thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: it is not a cyan ball on the right side of the cyan ball that is on the left side of the thing behind the cyan shiny thing
There is a tiny cyan thing that is in front of the rubber sphere; is its shape the same as the tiny object that is to the right of the cyan metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a yellow object that has the same size as the cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many blue objects are tiny shiny balls or rubber objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny shiny balls or rubber objects in the image.
What number of other small things are the same color as the rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the tiny matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cylinders are small rubber things or big gray shiny things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
There is a small sphere that is to the left of the cyan metallic sphere; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
There is a cyan object that is the same size as the rubber sphere; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of tiny cyan things are to the right of the small yellow thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is there anything else that is the same size as the gray matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two red cylinders that are the same size as the gray matte cylinder.
Is the number of tiny red objects in front of the small cyan object greater than the number of tiny gray metal cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a red object that is the same shape as the cyan shiny thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the gray object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another object that is made of the same material as the gray object. The other object is a red cylinder.
The red rubber object has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What shape is the matte thing that is the same size as the cyan metallic object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there anything else that is the same color as the tiny shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that is the same color as the tiny shiny thing. There is another object that is the same color as the tiny shiny thing, which is red.
There is a red cylinder that is the same material as the big gray cylinder; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the shape of the red rubber object the same as the tiny object that is in front of the small red cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the cyan metallic cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan metallic cylinder is not specified in the image.
How big is the thing that is in front of the tiny purple thing and on the left side of the small purple thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
There is a matte object on the right side of the purple rubber thing; is it the same shape as the large object that is behind the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many blue cylinders are made of the same material as the small purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
The object that is left of the small purple rubber thing and behind the small brown cylinder has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are the big thing that is on the right side of the big cyan metal cylinder and the big cyan object made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same material as the small brown cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a blue cylinder and a purple cylinder that have the same material as the small brown cylinder.
There is another rubber object that is the same size as the cyan object; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Is there another small thing of the same color as the metallic object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another small object of the same color as the metallic object.
What size is the brown cylinder that is made of the same material as the purple thing? Answer: small. Output: The brown cylinder is smaller than the purple thing.
What number of other objects are the same size as the blue thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What number of purple balls have the same material as the purple thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of objects are in front of the ball that is right of the purple thing? Answer: 0. Output: 2
There is a matte thing that is right of the small purple ball; is its color the same as the small sphere on the right side of the brown matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the object that is both in front of the small metal object and right of the small matte ball? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Are there any big yellow matte objects of the same shape as the purple metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no big yellow matte objects of the same shape as the purple metallic object.
There is another rubber thing that is the same size as the purple object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
What material is the tiny purple sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The tiny purple sphere is made of plastic.
There is a ball that is in front of the matte thing to the left of the large ball that is in front of the small brown ball; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of metallic things are either large objects or large red cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The purple metal object is what size? Answer: small. Output: The purple metal object is about the size of a basketball.
Is the number of big gray metallic things less than the number of small cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of big purple metallic cylinders that are in front of the green rubber object greater than the number of large rubber things that are in front of the tiny yellow metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of big purple metallic cylinders that are in front of the green rubber object is greater than the number of large rubber things that are in front of the tiny yellow metal cylinder.
Are the green object and the large yellow cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the green object and the large yellow cylinder are made of different materials.
How many big cylinders are behind the large rubber object that is on the left side of the big yellow cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big cylinders behind the large rubber object that is on the left side of the big yellow cylinder.
Is the color of the large metallic thing that is behind the big red cylinder the same as the small metal object? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the large metallic thing that is behind the big red cylinder is different from the small metal object.
What number of objects are either yellow cylinders or green cylinders that are on the left side of the purple shiny cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: three
Does the shiny object that is in front of the big red cylinder have the same shape as the matte object that is behind the tiny yellow cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the small metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another cylinder that has the same color as the small metallic cylinder.
There is another small thing that is made of the same material as the red thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
The cylinder that is behind the yellow rubber object and on the right side of the large green thing is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there a big brown thing made of the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big brown thing made of the same material as the small cylinder.
Is the number of large matte things on the left side of the yellow rubber object the same as the number of big gray shiny things? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of spheres are either small yellow things or large rubber objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three spheres in the image, two of which are small yellow things and one of which is a large rubber object.
What is the color of the small matte cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: The small matte cylinder is purple.
What number of things are objects that are to the left of the tiny yellow cylinder or tiny gray metallic cubes? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is there anything else that is the same material as the small thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many objects are objects that are to the left of the tiny yellow cylinder or cylinders that are behind the yellow rubber cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are to the left of the tiny yellow cylinder or cylinders that are behind the yellow rubber cylinder.
Are there any purple matte cylinders of the same size as the yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two purple cylinders of the same size as the yellow cylinder.
There is a small cylinder; what number of large purple cylinders are right of it? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is there another yellow thing of the same shape as the tiny thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of big metallic things are the same shape as the small green metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: three
Does the tiny metal thing have the same shape as the shiny thing in front of the matte object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many spheres are behind the small green metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are three spheres behind the small green metal thing.
Is there a metallic sphere that has the same size as the green matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a metallic sphere that has the same size as the green matte object.
Does the tiny green shiny object left of the green rubber ball have the same shape as the large green object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are any green spheres visible? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
The small green thing in front of the tiny green object that is behind the green object that is to the right of the large shiny ball is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there the same number of objects that are behind the big green metallic thing and tiny spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of objects behind the big green metallic thing and tiny spheres. There are three small spheres and one big green metallic thing in the image.
There is another matte object that is the same color as the large thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Does the big shiny object have the same shape as the small metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the big shiny object has the same shape as the small metal thing. No, the big shiny object does not have the same shape as the small metal thing. Yes, the big shiny object has the same shape as the small metal thing. No, the big shiny object does not have the same shape as the small metal thing. Yes, the big shiny object has the same shape as the small metal thing. No, the big shiny object does not have the same shape as the small metal thing. Yes, the big shiny object has the same shape as the small metal thing. No, the big shiny object does not have the same shape as the small metal thing. Yes, the big shiny object has the same shape as the small metal thing. No, the big shiny object does not have the same shape as the small metal thing. Yes, the big shiny object has the same shape as the small metal thing. No, the big shiny object does not have the same shape as the small metal thing. Yes, the big shiny object has the same shape as the small metal thing. No, the big shiny object does not have the same shape as the small metal thing.
Is the number of large cylinders that are in front of the cyan thing less than the number of small red matte things? Answer: no. Output: yes
What color is the big cylinder that is both on the right side of the big red object and behind the gray metallic cylinder? Answer: cyan. Output: The big cylinder that is both on the right side of the big red object and behind the gray metallic cylinder is blue.
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the big gray object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Are there fewer big cyan rubber cylinders behind the cyan rubber cylinder than big gray metallic cylinders that are on the left side of the big metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the material of the big gray cylinder the same as the big thing that is on the left side of the large gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the material of the big gray cylinder is the same as the big thing that is on the left side of the large gray cylinder.
Is there anything else that has the same material as the large gray object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two smaller objects that have the same material as the large gray object.
Are there more big gray shiny objects than red cubes? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the cylinder in front of the red matte cylinder made of the same material as the cylinder to the right of the gray shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the cylinder in front of the red matte cylinder is made of the same material as the cylinder to the right of the gray shiny thing.
What is the shape of the other big object that is the same material as the red object? Answer: cylinder. Output: The other big object that is the same material as the red object is a cylinder.
Is there anything else that is the same color as the large shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there is nothing else that is the same color as the large shiny cylinder.
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the yellow matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a metal cube left of the rubber cube; is its size the same as the tiny cyan cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of matte objects are either small yellow cubes or big yellow objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What size is the block behind the cyan shiny thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the block behind the cyan shiny thing is not specified in the image.
Does the tiny cyan object have the same shape as the matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of small objects are either matte objects or cyan cubes? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Are there any small yellow metal blocks in front of the small cyan shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small yellow metal blocks in front of the small cyan shiny cube.
Are there the same number of big cubes that are on the right side of the large yellow shiny thing and tiny yellow metallic things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of big cubes that are on the right side of the large yellow shiny thing and tiny yellow metallic things.
There is another rubber object that is the same shape as the tiny cyan thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a small cyan metallic object; is its shape the same as the yellow thing left of the tiny rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small ball that is right of the green matte sphere; does it have the same color as the big rubber ball on the right side of the small cyan metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the tiny cyan object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another cyan thing that is the same shape as the tiny metal thing; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the number of matte spheres behind the cyan rubber object greater than the number of big red metallic balls? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the cyan ball that is right of the metallic object have the same material as the small cyan object? Answer: no. Output: yes
How big is the rubber thing to the right of the small shiny sphere that is right of the big rubber thing that is behind the big cyan ball? Answer: large. Output: very small
The cyan thing that is the same material as the small gray sphere is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the color of the matte ball that is both behind the large cyan object and in front of the tiny gray sphere? Answer: green. Output: The matte ball that is both behind the large cyan object and in front of the tiny gray sphere is green.
There is a big rubber thing that is to the left of the small cyan shiny ball; does it have the same shape as the big object on the right side of the cyan shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small thing that is right of the small green matte object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there more small gray metal balls that are behind the cyan sphere than tiny cyan balls? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more small gray metal balls that are behind the cyan sphere than tiny cyan balls.
There is a tiny object on the left side of the tiny sphere behind the small shiny object that is left of the cyan metal sphere; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: gold
Is the tiny gray ball made of the same material as the big object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny gray ball is made of a different material than the big object.
Is there another metal object that has the same size as the cyan metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another metal object that has the same size as the cyan metal object.
What material is the sphere that is the same size as the gray object? Answer: metal. Output: The sphere that is the same size as the gray object is made of metal.
Are there any tiny gray things that have the same shape as the brown shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are tiny gray things that have the same shape as the brown shiny thing.
There is a object to the left of the small cyan shiny sphere; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of small red metal cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What color is the small ball that is made of the same material as the cyan object? Answer: gray. Output: The small ball that is made of the same material as the cyan object is gold.
What number of small things are either gray metal things or brown spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small things that are either gray metal things or brown spheres.
Do the tiny thing that is right of the large blue shiny ball and the big matte ball have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is another big shiny object that is the same shape as the large blue object; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
Does the big rubber ball have the same color as the small shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the big rubber ball has the same color as the small shiny sphere. No, the big rubber ball has a different color than the small shiny sphere. Yes, the big rubber ball has the same color as the small shiny sphere. No, the big rubber ball has a different color than the small shiny sphere.
The small metal object that is the same color as the big matte thing is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many other objects are made of the same material as the small purple object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects made of the same material as the small purple object.
What is the color of the metal ball that is the same size as the yellow rubber thing? Answer: purple. Output: silver
There is a metallic thing that is both behind the purple metallic object and left of the cyan shiny thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the size of the matte object that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball? Answer: large. Output: The size of the matte object that is the same color as the tiny shiny ball is small.
How many objects are red balls or large balls that are in front of the blue ball? Answer: 2. Output: There are three red balls or large balls that are in front of the blue ball.
Do the object in front of the tiny metallic object and the tiny rubber object that is right of the purple rubber object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
The large cube that is behind the big rubber cube in front of the big blue object is what color? Answer: blue. Output: red
How many tiny objects are cyan rubber cylinders or blue rubber things? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny objects on the gray surface, two of which are blue rubber cylinders and one of which is red.
What number of other tiny objects are made of the same material as the red object? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a blue thing behind the tiny blue object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the shape of the large rubber object in front of the blue object behind the tiny blue rubber cube? Answer: cube. Output: The shape of the large rubber object in front of the blue object behind the tiny blue rubber cube is rectangular.
What number of big blocks are behind the tiny matte thing that is on the left side of the blue matte block that is on the right side of the small block? Answer: 2. Output: three
Are there fewer tiny matte blocks to the right of the red rubber object than green rubber blocks? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the tiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny rubber thing that is to the left of the large blue rubber cube; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
What shape is the big blue thing to the left of the big rubber block right of the blue block that is behind the tiny rubber thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there any other cubes of the same size as the yellow rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are three other cubes of the same size as the yellow rubber block.
There is a large thing on the right side of the thing behind the big cube that is on the right side of the large brown rubber object; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there more green rubber things behind the large yellow rubber object than big cyan rubber blocks? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there a big purple object of the same shape as the large yellow rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are the large brown cube and the green thing in front of the purple object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the large brown cube and the green thing in front of the purple object are made of the same material.
What is the color of the small block? Answer: green. Output: The small block is purple.
What number of big purple matte things are right of the object in front of the matte cube left of the tiny green object? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there any large purple objects on the left side of the big yellow rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large purple object on the left side of the big yellow rubber cube.
How many small gray objects have the same material as the tiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small gray objects that have the same material as the tiny cube.
What number of objects are metallic cubes or small objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three metallic cubes or small objects in the image.
There is another object that is the same color as the big metal object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many things are either small red metal spheres or gray cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are two small red metal spheres and one gray cylinder in the image.
How many small objects are red objects or matte objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are two red objects and one matte object in the image.
Is there any other thing of the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder of the same color as the small cylinder.
There is a cylinder that is both behind the big red metallic object and to the right of the tiny object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a shiny thing that is in front of the red rubber cylinder; is it the same color as the big cylinder that is on the right side of the big red shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is both behind the large metal cylinder and on the left side of the big rubber object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: circle
Do the rubber cylinder and the metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny gray shiny thing have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the rubber cylinder and the metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny gray shiny thing have the same color.
There is a metallic thing to the left of the red metal object; does it have the same size as the matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small gray thing that is the same shape as the large red metal thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there any other things that have the same material as the tiny cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is another cylinder that is the same size as the cyan matte cylinder; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
There is a matte object that is in front of the green rubber cylinder and behind the tiny cyan cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a blue object that is in front of the tiny cylinder that is behind the small cyan thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of cylinders have the same color as the large thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of other things are the same size as the blue rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a cylinder that is both behind the cyan matte object and to the left of the blue cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of small green matte objects have the same shape as the big blue object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the material of the blue thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The blue thing is made of plastic.
Do the cyan object and the large object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Are there any other metal cylinders that have the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other metal cylinders that have the same color as the tiny cylinder. There are several other metal cylinders that have the same color as the tiny cylinder.
There is a small metal thing; does it have the same color as the big object that is left of the large brown shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How big is the purple rubber cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The purple rubber cylinder is about the size of a basketball.
Is there a large brown shiny thing that has the same shape as the purple metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large brown shiny thing that has the same shape as the purple metallic object.
There is a purple rubber thing; is its shape the same as the large brown thing that is in front of the big brown rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a object that is both in front of the purple metallic object and behind the tiny brown metallic cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: The object that is both in front of the purple metallic object and behind the tiny brown metallic cylinder is the same size as the tiny brown metallic cylinder.
How many big brown cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a cyan cylinder that is the same size as the purple matte cylinder; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is there a gray cube that has the same size as the cyan object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a gray cube that has the same size as the cyan object.
There is a big metal cylinder that is in front of the large purple shiny cylinder; is it the same color as the big matte cylinder on the left side of the purple matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cyan cubes have the same material as the small yellow cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the color of the matte block? Answer: yellow. Output: The matte block is blue.
What color is the metallic thing that is the same size as the blue cube? Answer: cyan. Output: The metallic thing that is the same size as the blue cube is silver.
Is there another large block of the same color as the rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube. Yes, there is another large block of the same color as the rubber cube.
Is the shape of the shiny thing left of the large cyan block the same as the object that is right of the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same size as the yellow rubber cube? Answer: 0. Output: 3
There is a rubber block; is it the same color as the cube in front of the cyan shiny object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer cyan shiny objects on the right side of the matte thing than cyan shiny cubes left of the blue metallic cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a cube that is on the left side of the small rubber block and right of the blue metallic thing; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
There is a rubber object; is it the same size as the shiny block to the right of the blue shiny block? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the small rubber ball and the tiny shiny sphere have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No, the small rubber ball is yellow and the tiny shiny sphere is gold.
How many small rubber spheres have the same color as the small shiny ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are two small rubber spheres that have the same color as the small shiny ball.
Are there fewer big brown balls that are right of the rubber object than yellow rubber spheres on the right side of the yellow shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many small yellow metal spheres are left of the yellow metallic ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are two small yellow metal spheres left of the yellow metallic ball.
Is the number of large brown metallic spheres that are on the right side of the small matte ball greater than the number of small yellow spheres that are behind the tiny metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of large brown metallic spheres that are on the right side of the small matte ball is greater than the number of small yellow spheres that are behind the tiny metallic thing.
The tiny thing in front of the tiny yellow metal ball has what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: Oval.
Is the number of small yellow metallic spheres in front of the rubber thing the same as the number of brown cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: No
What shape is the tiny yellow matte object? Answer: sphere. Output: The tiny yellow matte object is a sphere.
Is there any other thing of the same color as the small matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a yellow object behind the matte sphere; is it the same size as the brown thing right of the tiny yellow metal thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a sphere that is behind the small matte object that is to the right of the large cyan thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
The purple matte thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
How many tiny red rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the size of the cyan metal thing that is to the right of the tiny metallic thing? Answer: large. Output: 1.5 inches
What number of things are tiny brown cylinders or spheres that are left of the purple sphere? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the material of the purple ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The purple ball is made of plastic.
Is there anything else that has the same color as the small matte thing? Answer: no. Output: No
Does the large cyan metal object have the same shape as the small rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How big is the shiny object behind the purple thing that is on the right side of the tiny sphere behind the tiny purple rubber object? Answer: small. Output: very small
How many other objects are the same material as the purple sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects that are the same material as the purple sphere.
Is there anything else that has the same size as the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of rubber objects are either big red spheres or cyan objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What shape is the big purple thing that is the same material as the small object? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many rubber cubes are behind the big yellow matte object and in front of the tiny cyan matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three rubber cubes behind the big yellow matte object and in front of the tiny cyan matte object.
What is the size of the cyan cube behind the big yellow block? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan cube behind the big yellow block is small.
What number of other things are there of the same color as the tiny cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What material is the big object behind the thing in front of the big purple cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The big object behind the thing in front of the big purple cube is made of plastic.
Is the color of the big rubber cube that is in front of the big purple rubber thing the same as the small block? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the small block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other things that are made of the same material as the small block. In this case, the small block is made of plastic, and there are two other blocks that are also made of plastic.
What number of other large things are the same shape as the large yellow rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is there another red shiny object of the same shape as the big red metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another red shiny object of the same shape as the big red metallic thing.
How many small objects are there? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many small things are matte things or brown cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small things in the image, two of which are matte things or brown cylinders.
There is a red thing; what number of tiny cubes are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: 3
How many rubber things are either big red things or tiny gray cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are three rubber things in the image: two big red things and one tiny gray cylinder.
Are there any large things that are in front of the small object in front of the small cube behind the big red metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large things in front of the small object in front of the small cube behind the big red metallic thing.
What color is the big block? Answer: red. Output: red
There is a gray matte object behind the shiny cube; does it have the same shape as the red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are red blocks or tiny gray rubber things on the left side of the large metallic object? Answer: 3. Output: There are two red blocks on the left side of the large metallic object.
Is there anything else that is the same size as the metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a red cylinder behind the red cylinder that is right of the red rubber object in front of the large cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a object that is behind the small rubber cylinder and to the left of the tiny red metallic cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Does the rubber cylinder that is on the right side of the large red cylinder have the same color as the large cylinder left of the tiny red metal object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many things are in front of the large cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects in front of the large cylinder.
Is there a red thing on the right side of the red rubber cylinder that is in front of the red thing behind the small red metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other cylinders have the same size as the red metal cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What material is the red cylinder that is right of the red rubber thing in front of the big cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a matte thing that is in front of the red cylinder on the left side of the thing in front of the tiny metal cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: round
Do the red rubber thing right of the big cylinder and the red metal thing right of the big matte cylinder have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other things are the same material as the big cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is there a small green shiny cylinder that is on the left side of the metallic cylinder in front of the cylinder on the left side of the tiny red thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small green shiny cylinder that is on the left side of the metallic cylinder in front of the cylinder on the left side of the tiny red thing.
The big rubber cylinder that is to the right of the tiny object that is in front of the tiny shiny cylinder left of the tiny red object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: gray
There is a large gray object that is the same shape as the tiny red object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What is the size of the cylinder that is to the left of the tiny metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny brown shiny cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cylinder that is to the left of the tiny metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny brown shiny cylinder is much larger.
What is the tiny cylinder to the left of the red cylinder made of? Answer: metal. Output: The tiny cylinder to the left of the red cylinder is made of metal.
There is a brown cylinder that is the same material as the red thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many tiny yellow matte objects are the same shape as the brown object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Do the tiny brown object and the thing that is in front of the small brown metal cylinder have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material as the big thing. Yes, there is a big cyan cylinder that has the same material
Is there anything else that has the same material as the tiny brown object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny brown object is the only one that has the same material.
Are there any other things that are the same size as the yellow matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
How big is the cyan cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
There is a matte cylinder that is behind the tiny metal cylinder and in front of the red cylinder; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the shape of the tiny matte object behind the tiny green matte thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Does the tiny red thing have the same material as the tiny cylinder that is in front of the green matte object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the shape of the green rubber object the same as the large rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the cyan thing that is the same shape as the small brown object? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a small rubber object that is behind the cyan object and in front of the red rubber thing; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: yellow
What is the color of the small shiny thing? Answer: brown. Output: The small shiny thing is yellow.
Is there a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown metallic object. Yes, there is a red thing of the same shape as the small brown
The big metal thing behind the yellow block is what color? Answer: gray. Output: silver.
How many things are the same color as the tiny shiny cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three things that are the same color as the tiny shiny cube.
How many cubes are left of the red metallic object and to the right of the tiny metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
The other matte object that is the same size as the cyan thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How big is the cyan matte block? Answer: large. Output: The cyan matte block is about the same size as the red block.
There is a gray object behind the big rubber block to the left of the large rubber thing in front of the cyan rubber cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What color is the large block that is made of the same material as the large yellow thing? Answer: cyan. Output: The large block that is made of the same material as the large yellow thing is red.
There is a big matte object to the left of the big metal thing behind the large red cube; how many cyan matte things are to the right of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What is the material of the other object that is the same color as the tiny shiny thing? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the other object that is the same color as the tiny shiny thing is metal.
What number of objects are either big metallic things that are in front of the cyan matte thing or small gray metallic cubes? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big metallic things that are in front of the cyan matte thing, and there are four small gray metallic cubes.
There is a small rubber thing that is the same shape as the large cyan object; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
The ball that is both right of the large gray matte object and behind the purple matte object is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic.
Does the thing that is to the left of the purple rubber ball have the same size as the cyan matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
The large matte object in front of the cyan object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: The large matte object in front of the cyan object is gray.
What number of small things are cyan spheres or green objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
How many other objects are the same color as the small rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of gray objects are rubber balls or tiny objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a large gray rubber object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
There is a cyan object that is the same size as the gray sphere; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the purple matte sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other red objects of the same shape as the big thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are three smaller red objects of the same shape as the big thing.
What number of other big metal things have the same shape as the big red thing? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is the number of big red cylinders less than the number of large balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of tiny red metallic things greater than the number of large cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of tiny objects are red objects or purple metal balls? Answer: 2. Output: There are three red objects or purple metal balls.
How many other things are there of the same color as the large metal cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the large metal cylinder.
How many tiny objects have the same material as the large object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny objects that have the same material as the large object.
What number of brown things are either tiny things or big shiny cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What number of things are large shiny cylinders or metallic cylinders that are right of the big cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: three
How many red things are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What number of other things are there of the same material as the large green thing Answer: 2. Output: ? 3
Is there a green matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer large cyan metal balls than large objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Are there any blue rubber cubes that have the same size as the green metal object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no blue rubber cubes that have the same size as the green metal object.
Is the number of big balls greater than the number of big green metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many metallic things are either big cyan balls or big green things? Answer: 3. Output: There are three metallic things that are either big cyan balls or big green things.
What material is the cyan sphere that is on the right side of the large green thing on the left side of the cyan thing on the right side of the big green metal ball? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
What number of small things are matte cylinders or green metal things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What number of other big spheres have the same material as the green ball? Answer: 2. Output: 3
The big cyan shiny thing in front of the large cyan metal object that is behind the green metallic object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many large purple objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the small cyan cylinder made of the same material as the small red cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the small cyan cylinder is made of a different material than the small red cylinder.
There is a small object that is in front of the object that is behind the cylinder to the left of the small red cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cone
Do the thing to the right of the small red thing and the tiny cylinder that is in front of the cyan metal thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the cyan object? Answer: metal. Output: The cyan object is made of plastic.
How many big purple objects are the same shape as the tiny cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a small thing that is in front of the cylinder that is on the right side of the rubber thing on the right side of the large cylinder; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: red
How many small objects are either matte things or metal things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small objects that are either matte things or metal things.
Is the number of matte objects on the left side of the large purple rubber thing the same as the number of big purple cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are both to the left of the small yellow rubber block and in front of the large metal object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two things that are both to the left of the small yellow rubber block and in front of the large metal object.
There is a thing behind the yellow block; is it the same size as the small yellow block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there is another big thing of the same color as the big shiny thing. Yes, there
The yellow cube that is the same material as the gray cube is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cubes behind the metal thing. Yes, there are more tiny gray objects to the right of the tiny gray rubber cube than small rubber cub
What number of other things are there of the same material as the small gray object Answer: 1. Output: ? 3
Do the tiny object left of the gray thing and the brown block have the same material? Answer: no. Output: yes
The gray thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the number of big brown metal cubes right of the brown metallic object greater than the number of tiny rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the brown shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many big objects are in front of the small gray matte thing and on the left side of the big gray cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big objects in front of the small gray matte thing and on the left side of the big gray cube.
What is the material of the gray object in front of the tiny gray rubber block? Answer: metal. Output: The gray object in front of the tiny gray rubber block is made of metal.
There is a green cube that is made of the same material as the yellow thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a object that is behind the gray rubber block; does it have the same size as the gray object that is on the right side of the tiny gray block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a yellow object that is the same size as the blue thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What is the cube that is on the right side of the tiny gray block and behind the large yellow object made of? Answer: rubber. Output: Gold
Are there any big gray metallic blocks? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several big gray metallic blocks in the picture.
Do the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color. Yes, the tiny matte thing and the small cube in front of the tiny gray thing have the same color.
There is a cube that is the same color as the small rubber thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the tiny matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the tiny metallic cylinder the same color as the big shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny metallic cylinder is a different color than the big shiny object.
The small metallic cylinder has what color? Answer: blue. Output: The small metallic cylinder has a purple color.
Is the shape of the matte object that is behind the large purple rubber cylinder the same as the blue thing that is on the left side of the large cyan rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
The matte cylinder that is to the left of the purple thing is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
Are there fewer blue metallic cylinders that are behind the big blue shiny thing than large rubber cylinders behind the tiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other objects are the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the purple cylinder made of the same material as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, the purple cylinder is made of a different material than the small cylinder.
There is a thing behind the metallic object on the right side of the cyan rubber cylinder; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a matte object that is left of the matte cylinder in front of the rubber cylinder behind the purple object; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
There is a cylinder that is both left of the big purple cylinder and in front of the large metal object; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there anything else that is the same size as the shiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there anything else that is the same material as the big ball? Answer: no. Output: No
Are the big object and the small red ball made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the big object and the small red ball are made of different materials. The big object is made of metal, while the small red ball is made of plastic.
How many objects are blue metal cylinders or small spheres to the right of the tiny blue matte ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are two blue metal cylinders or small spheres to the right of the tiny blue matte ball.
What is the size of the matte ball that is the same color as the large metallic thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the matte ball that is the same color as the large metallic thing is not specified.
There is a small matte object in front of the tiny blue matte object; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Does the rubber ball that is on the left side of the red object have the same color as the metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the ball that is the same color as the large thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the ball that is the same color as the large thing is metal.
There is a matte thing to the right of the blue matte sphere; is its size the same as the small blue matte ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a large thing that has the same color as the large metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: No, there is no large thing that has the same color as the large metallic ball.
Is the number of large green things less than the number of rubber cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a big cylinder that is to the left of the large red cylinder; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
What is the shape of the large metal object that is in front of the big thing to the right of the big red metallic cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Do the large purple object and the cylinder that is on the left side of the red thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many blue rubber spheres have the same size as the purple object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there fewer large shiny things behind the red metallic cylinder than tiny blue cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What number of purple metal cylinders are on the left side of the green metal cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a shiny cylinder on the left side of the large metal thing that is behind the cylinder that is right of the big red object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a big green shiny thing; is its shape the same as the large shiny object right of the red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the green cylinder that is the same material as the big purple cylinder? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of other objects are the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: 1. Output: 2
How many things are either red cubes that are behind the tiny red metallic object or metal objects behind the big cyan metal block? Answer: 2. Output: There are two red cubes that are behind the tiny red metallic object, and there is one metal object behind the big cyan metal block.
There is another tiny red thing that is the same shape as the red rubber object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there any large cyan metal objects? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large cyan metal objects in the picture.
There is a block that is on the left side of the red metallic object and in front of the tiny red matte object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a cyan thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
There is a red thing that is on the right side of the small red matte thing; is there a cyan shiny object in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the other red cube that is the same size as the red metallic cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The other red cube that is the same size as the red metallic cube is made of plastic.
Are there any green rubber blocks of the same size as the red metal cube? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no green rubber blocks of the same size as the red metal cube.
There is a tiny cube on the right side of the red rubber object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there any cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many small metal cylinders are there? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small metal cylinders.
Are there any big yellow metal blocks that are in front of the big yellow thing that is behind the yellow rubber cube that is in front of the brown rubber object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are big yellow metal blocks that are in front of the big yellow thing that is behind the yellow rubber cube that is in front of the brown rubber object.
Are there fewer small green objects that are on the right side of the small metallic block than yellow metallic blocks? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other things are there of the same shape as the small brown thing? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What number of things are either cubes that are on the right side of the small green shiny object or big yellow blocks to the left of the small green object? Answer: 2. Output: three
What size is the cube that is both to the right of the brown rubber cube and in front of the tiny brown cube? Answer: large. Output: The cube that is both to the right of the brown rubber cube and in front of the tiny brown cube is 10x10x10.
Is the shape of the big object to the right of the tiny brown rubber cube the same as  the tiny brown matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a matte block that is behind the yellow cube that is on the left side of the large yellow thing that is right of the big metallic object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: The matte block is the same size as the yellow cube that is on the left side of the large yellow thing that is right of the big metallic object.
There is a shiny block that is the same color as the big matte cube; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of objects are either blue objects or green things? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What is the shape of the object that is both behind the yellow rubber cube and right of the brown block? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there any spheres behind the shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no spheres behind the shiny object.
What material is the other big purple object that is the same shape as the purple matte object? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many other objects are the same shape as the big purple rubber object? Answer: 3. Output: three
How many green rubber objects are behind the green ball right of the big purple matte object that is to the right of the big purple metallic ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are three green rubber objects behind the green ball right of the big purple matte object that is to the right of the big purple metallic ball.
How many purple matte objects are the same shape as the purple metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a large sphere that is right of the big purple matte sphere; is its color the same as the metal object? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the large green matte thing that is in front of the large green object that is to the left of the large purple sphere that is behind the purple shiny thing? Answer: sphere. Output: The large green matte thing that is in front of the large green object that is to the left of the large purple sphere that is behind the purple shiny thing is an egg.
Are there any other shiny spheres of the same size as the shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three other shiny spheres of the same size as the shiny ball in the image.
The thing that is left of the purple matte ball and right of the large purple metal thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
Is the purple thing that is to the right of the purple shiny object made of the same material as the green object that is to the left of the large purple rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many spheres are green objects or cyan things? Answer: 0. Output: There are two spheres that are green objects or cyan things.
There is a big thing that is to the left of the big thing that is to the right of the small cylinder; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: green
There is a small thing; is its color the same as the large cylinder to the right of the purple thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a green cylinder that is the same material as the tiny purple cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a large shiny thing that is in front of the big object behind the purple thing; is there a tiny purple shiny cylinder that is in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of gray rubber objects have the same size as the cyan thing? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Does the thing in front of the small shiny object have the same size as the purple thing that is in front of the large green object? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the thing that is to the left of the green metal object and to the right of the cyan metal object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there any big matte spheres that have the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big matte spheres that have the same color as the tiny cylinder.
Is there a cyan shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of cyan rubber things right of the tiny red matte cylinder the same as the number of large rubber cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the matte thing that is both on the right side of the cyan rubber object and behind the big cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
Are there any other things that have the same color as the big object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two smaller objects that have the same color as the big object.
What is the size of the red matte cylinder that is in front of the red cylinder on the right side of the big red matte object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the red matte cylinder that is in front of the red cylinder on the right side of the big red matte object is 10 centimeters.
What is the color of the cylinder that is behind the large matte cylinder and in front of the small red cylinder? Answer: cyan. Output: The color of the cylinder that is behind the large matte cylinder and in front of the small red cylinder is blue.
How many other objects are the same size as the cyan cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Does the cyan matte thing have the same size as the red cylinder that is behind the cyan rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
The other rubber object that is the same size as the cyan object is what color? Answer: red. Output: red
What is the size of the cyan rubber object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan rubber object is not specified in the image.
Do the tiny object behind the cyan matte cylinder and the cyan cylinder have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there another large brown thing that has the same shape as the big object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many other things are the same shape as the metallic object? Answer: 2. Output: 2
What size is the object to the right of the yellow matte thing? Answer: small. Output: The object to the right of the yellow matte thing is about the size of a small car.
Is the yellow matte object the same size as the red matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of purple metal objects that are behind the metallic thing less than the number of tiny red matte things that are to the left of the tiny red object? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a cube that is to the left of the red matte block and in front of the yellow rubber block; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: 2x2x2
Are there any small yellow rubber things in front of the object that is in front of the small matte thing to the right of the yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small yellow rubber things in front of the object that is in front of the small matte thing to the right of the yellow cube.
Are any large purple rubber balls visible? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there more things in front of the tiny red block than objects that are left of the yellow rubber object? Answer: no. Output: Yes
There is another cube that is made of the same material as the tiny yellow cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the shape of the yellow rubber thing? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is the number of things greater than the number of purple shiny cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What shape is the tiny purple metal object that is left of the purple shiny cube that is to the right of the small object behind the small matte block? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is there any other thing that has the same shape as the tiny yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many balls are yellow things or purple metallic objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three yellow things and one purple metallic object.
The tiny thing on the left side of the purple object that is right of the tiny metallic cube behind the small matte object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a thing in front of the yellow rubber object; is its shape the same as the matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a purple metallic object to the left of the thing that is in front of the small yellow matte object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of other yellow blocks have the same size as the matte block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How many yellow objects are rubber blocks or metallic cubes? Answer: 1. Output: There is only one yellow object, which is a metallic cube.
Is there anything else that is the same size as the yellow metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue metallic sphere that is the same size as the yellow one.
Is the shape of the blue shiny thing the same as the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of large blue metallic things are behind the large metal sphere that is in front of the sphere that is behind the yellow metal object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large blue metallic things behind the large metal sphere that is in front of the sphere that is behind the yellow metal object.
What color is the sphere that is both on the left side of the small yellow thing and behind the gray object? Answer: blue. Output: Blue
What number of cylinders are either large things or gray metallic objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
The sphere that is the same size as the gray object is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue.
Is there a small yellow metal sphere right of the metallic sphere that is right of the large ball that is in front of the large blue thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a small yellow metal sphere right of the metallic sphere that is right of the large ball that is in front of the large blue thing.
How big is the yellow sphere? Answer: small. Output: 1.5 inches
What number of things are large yellow blocks or blue metallic spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What color is the large ball that is the same material as the blue thing? Answer: gray. Output: The large ball that is the same material as the blue thing is silver.
Are there any other things that are the same material as the big gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two smaller cylinders that are the same material as the big gray cylinder.
Are there any tiny gray matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny gray matte cylinders in the image.
There is a big thing that is behind the metallic thing to the right of the small object; how many large green objects are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: There is one large green object in front of the metallic thing to the right of the small object.
Does the gray thing have the same shape as the big object on the left side of the matte object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Are there more green rubber blocks than big gray things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there are more green rubber blocks than big gray things. Yes, there
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the green shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metallic object that is behind the yellow thing; does it have the same shape as the gray rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of gray cylinders behind the yellow shiny object greater than the number of tiny gray spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a shiny cylinder that is right of the metal thing that is left of the green cylinder; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: silver
What number of large red shiny objects are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the small blue object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a yellow object that has the same material as the small blue object.
Is there anything else that has the same size as the metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue cylinder that is the same size as the metallic cylinder.
Is there anything else that has the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of things are cylinders that are behind the small shiny cylinder or objects that are behind the small blue metal thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three cylinders that are behind the small shiny cylinder or objects that are behind the small blue metal thing.
Is the number of large rubber cylinders greater than the number of blue things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many metallic things are blue cylinders or large cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are two blue cylinders or large cylinders in the image.
Are there any tiny green objects made of the same material as the tiny blue object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no tiny green objects made of the same material as the tiny blue object.
What is the material of the blue thing? Answer: metal. Output: The blue thing is made of plastic.
Is the number of big yellow cylinders in front of the metal object greater than the number of blue objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other things are the same size as the metallic cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other things that are the same size as the metallic cylinder.
There is a blue matte object; does it have the same size as the object left of the matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other yellow metallic balls have the same size as the yellow sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other yellow metallic balls that have the same size as the yellow sphere.
What color is the other ball that is the same material as the small brown ball? Answer: yellow. Output: The other ball that is the same material as the small brown ball is blue.
Is the number of big green rubber cubes greater than the number of balls? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the brown object have the same material as the blue object? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the yellow object that is made of the same material as the small brown sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Are there fewer tiny yellow things than large brown matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
What material is the small thing that is both in front of the small blue rubber sphere and behind the brown object? Answer: metal. Output: The small thing that is both in front of the small blue rubber sphere and behind the brown object is made of plastic.
How big is the metal thing in front of the object on the left side of the object behind the small yellow thing? Answer: small. Output: 10 feet
There is a tiny brown metal thing; is its shape the same as the small thing that is to the left of the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are objects to the left of the tiny purple shiny block or blocks on the left side of the purple thing? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is a object that is the same size as the blue matte cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a cube that is made of the same material as the gray thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the yellow object the same shape as the gray matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the metallic thing that is the same size as the blue rubber cube? Answer: purple. Output: The metallic thing that is the same size as the blue rubber cube is silver.
There is a gray object that is the same shape as the big yellow shiny object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a gray rubber object that is to the right of the blue object; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there the same number of metal cubes that are left of the small metallic thing and small rubber objects that are right of the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of metal cubes that are left of the small metallic thing and small rubber objects that are right of the yellow object.
There is a matte thing that is behind the small blue matte object; is its color the same as the metallic object behind the purple object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more things that are behind the big matte cube than big blue shiny things? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Are there fewer brown matte things left of the large brown block than brown objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of small brown things are in front of the small object on the left side of the yellow matte block? Answer: 0. Output: three
What number of other objects are the same size as the yellow rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of objects are large red objects or blocks in front of the big blue thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there fewer small yellow matte things than tiny yellow metallic balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny rubber object in front of the brown rubber block to the left of the blue rubber object; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: yellow
There is a small yellow object that is the same shape as the large blue thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of metal things are either brown cubes or large blue cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Do the big object that is in front of the large brown matte cube and the small block that is behind the yellow matte object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the big object and the small block have different materials.
Is there a big purple metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The big sphere that is in front of the thing that is left of the big sphere in front of the blue matte object is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: green.
Are there any other things that have the same color as the large metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are several smaller metal spheres that have the same color as the large metal sphere.
Do the cyan shiny thing and the brown metallic object have the same size? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the cyan shiny thing and the brown metallic object have the same size.
How many things are green spheres that are left of the large blue matte sphere or big things in front of the big blue rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three green spheres that are left of the large blue matte sphere or big things in front of the big blue rubber object.
The tiny green sphere left of the small rubber object that is behind the small brown thing is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many other objects are the same material as the blue thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the shape of the tiny brown thing the same as the big cyan metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a shiny thing right of the tiny rubber ball; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the size of the cyan metal ball the same as the green object to the left of the tiny rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of cyan shiny balls that are behind the small brown thing less than the number of small brown metallic objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there fewer things that are behind the big green block than blocks? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a big metal thing; are there any matte objects in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other large green objects that have the same shape as the large green rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the red rubber object that is the same size as the blue rubber object? Answer: cube. Output: square
How many things are either matte things that are left of the large green matte cube or small cubes? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small cubes and one large green matte cube.
How big is the shiny thing that is right of the big red cube? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing. Yes, there is a shiny cube of the same size as the red thing.
Is the size of the block that is behind the cyan metal object the same as the large blue rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No
How big is the cyan metal object? Answer: small. Output: The cyan metal object is about the size of a small car.
The big rubber thing that is on the right side of the shiny block that is right of the metal thing that is behind the small object is what color? Answer: green. Output: red
The other cyan thing that is the same shape as the large rubber thing is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of things are either large metal cylinders or objects that are behind the large cyan metallic cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three things that are either large metal cylinders or objects that are behind the large cyan metallic cylinder.
There is a blue metallic thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a big thing that is right of the large metallic object that is behind the cyan cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
The other large cylinder that is the same material as the cyan cylinder is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
There is a cylinder that is on the left side of the large blue metal object; does it have the same color as the big shiny cylinder that is behind the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of large cylinders that are left of the blue metal cylinder greater than the number of cyan cylinders on the left side of the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the other large shiny thing that is the same shape as the large blue shiny object? Answer: cyan. Output: The other large shiny thing that is the same shape as the large blue shiny object is green.
Is the shape of the blue metal thing the same as the big shiny thing that is in front of the blue rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same material as the big cyan cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
The matte cylinder that is the same size as the yellow rubber object is what color? Answer: brown. Output: blue
Are there any other big yellow shiny things of the same shape as the yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: no
The tiny brown shiny thing has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there more brown metal cylinders that are in front of the small brown metal cylinder than yellow things to the left of the small brown matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more brown metal cylinders that are in front of the small brown metal cylinder than yellow things to the left of the small brown matte cylinder.
How many other objects are there of the same size as the blue cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the blue cylinder.
There is a object that is on the left side of the tiny brown shiny cylinder and behind the small blue thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a yellow object that is the same shape as the blue object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many yellow rubber cylinders are behind the metal cylinder in front of the brown object right of the tiny brown matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two yellow rubber cylinders behind the metal cylinder in front of the brown object right of the tiny brown matte thing.
How many tiny brown cylinders are on the left side of the blue shiny object and right of the blue metal object? Answer: 0. Output: two
There is a matte cylinder that is behind the yellow object; does it have the same size as the cylinder in front of the yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the red object have the same size as the blue matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the thing behind the big block that is to the left of the cyan thing behind the big blue matte thing? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many blocks are either large things or big red objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are two large things or big red objects in the picture.
There is a rubber cube that is to the left of the small cyan block; are there any big cubes on the left side of it? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any other things that are the same material as the big blue cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the red rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: 2
What number of yellow objects are large objects or small metallic things? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many large things are both left of the cyan block and to the right of the blue block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What material is the large cube that is to the left of the rubber cube to the right of the rubber object left of the tiny cyan cube? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many other blocks have the same material as the large red cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other blocks with the same material as the large red cube.
How many metallic objects are to the left of the large object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two metallic objects to the left of the large object.
How many things are either tiny purple cylinders or small green spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of green matte objects have the same size as the red metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: one
The object on the left side of the red object that is on the right side of the big metallic sphere is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there fewer red rubber balls than green cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the color of the small object to the left of the green object? Answer: red. Output: The small object to the left of the green object is red.
What is the ball that is to the left of the small green object and behind the tiny red rubber sphere made of? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum
How many matte things are right of the red sphere to the right of the big metallic ball? Answer: 1. Output: two
How many things are in front of the red metallic thing and on the left side of the green sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are two things in front of the red metallic thing and on the left side of the green sphere.
What number of other things are there of the same material as the green sphere Answer: 1. Output: ? 2
What number of tiny metal objects are to the left of the cylinder that is in front of the big red cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a cyan thing that is the same shape as the green shiny thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of cyan things are either metal cylinders or large matte objects? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is there any other thing of the same color as the large matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a small shiny object that is on the left side of the small cylinder in front of the big matte cylinder; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: red
Is the number of large blue objects that are to the right of the small blue rubber cylinder less than the number of large red cylinders that are left of the green metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many things are small shiny cylinders that are to the left of the big rubber thing or large rubber things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small shiny cylinders that are to the left of the big rubber thing or large rubber things.
There is a object in front of the red shiny thing; is it the same size as the tiny blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer large rubber things in front of the large red cylinder than small green matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a cyan cylinder that is the same size as the green metallic cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
There is another object that is the same size as the matte thing; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
The small thing that is left of the metal cube that is in front of the purple shiny block is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
What number of purple cubes are in front of the tiny green rubber block? Answer: 0. Output: 1
The small metallic object is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: The small metallic object is purple.
What number of big things are cyan metallic cylinders or rubber objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
There is a metallic thing in front of the big cube; is its color the same as the small block left of the tiny metal cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same color as the small metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: 2
What shape is the shiny object in front of the purple metallic block? Answer: cube. Output: The shiny object in front of the purple metallic block is a cube.
Are there fewer tiny green rubber objects than brown matte cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
Do the object in front of the tiny green rubber thing and the large purple thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of red rubber things that are left of the large shiny ball less than the number of brown things to the left of the matte thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Does the shiny object that is on the left side of the small brown metal thing have the same shape as the shiny object that is in front of the large ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the shiny object on the left side of the small brown metal thing has the same shape as the shiny object in front of the large ball.
There is a metallic thing right of the metal thing that is left of the brown thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there a cyan thing that has the same material as the tiny red object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a ball that is left of the tiny matte sphere; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What material is the small red sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The small red sphere is made of metal.
Do the tiny sphere behind the matte ball and the big blue sphere have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the tiny sphere behind the matte ball and the big blue sphere have the same material. They are both metallic.
Are there fewer red matte spheres right of the tiny brown sphere than big yellow balls? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the metal ball that is the same size as the matte ball? Answer: brown. Output: The metal ball that is the same size as the matte ball is blue.
How many blue things are the same shape as the small brown object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a big blue shiny ball that is to the left of the shiny ball to the right of the green thing; what number of large green rubber things are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a big green matte ball; how many blue shiny spheres are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a blue object on the left side of the green object; does it have the same size as the big green ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the green thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many large objects are blue objects or gray metal blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are two large objects that are blue, and there are three large objects that are gray metal blocks.
Is the color of the large shiny sphere that is left of the green thing the same as the big sphere that is to the right of the large matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the color of the large shiny sphere that is left of the green thing is the same as the big sphere that is to the right of the large matte thing.
How many red objects are either big matte spheres or large spheres? Answer: 0. Output: There are no red objects in the image.
Does the big green rubber object have the same shape as the metallic object that is to the left of the green rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the big green rubber object? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many big rubber cubes are behind the tiny purple rubber thing behind the rubber thing that is left of the green cube? Answer: 1. Output: two
How many other things have the same shape as the big thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Are there any other green objects that have the same material as the large thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another green object that has the same material as the large thing.
How many big red rubber balls are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of blocks are small purple things or matte objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small purple things or matte objects in the image.
What number of tiny purple rubber blocks are to the left of the big cube and right of the green matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
What material is the green block? Answer: rubber. Output: The green block is made of plastic.
How many things are either purple things or green blocks? Answer: 3. Output: There are three purple things and two green blocks.
Do the rubber cube that is to the left of the big green rubber cube and the matte thing to the right of the green matte thing have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other things are the same size as the green thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there any tiny cubes that have the same material as the big red thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are tiny cubes that have the same material as the big red thing. Yes, there are tiny cubes that have the same material as the big red thing.
What shape is the small thing that is to the left of the cyan cube? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a object to the right of the small rubber cube; is its color the same as the rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of metallic objects on the right side of the green metal cube less than the number of green shiny things? Answer: no. Output: yes
The small thing that is made of the same material as the large green block is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: red
There is a metal cube in front of the red matte object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the green cube and the tiny cyan object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a tiny cyan object that is on the left side of the small object behind the shiny object that is in front of the tiny matte block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a tiny cyan object that is on the left side of the small object behind the shiny object that is in front of the tiny matte block.
The tiny matte thing has what color? Answer: red. Output: The tiny matte thing has red and green colors.
There is a metallic block that is the same size as the red rubber object; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: green
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the large red block? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other things that are made of the same material as the large red block.
There is a green thing that is the same size as the matte cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there a brown block of the same size as the green object? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there fewer big objects that are right of the red rubber cube than large rubber objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there fewer big green blocks right of the green shiny thing than things behind the red matte block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of blocks are large metal objects or red things? Answer: 3. Output: There are three large metal objects or red things.
Are the object that is in front of the big blue thing and the big object that is to the left of the big red rubber cube made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the object that is in front of the big blue thing and the big object that is to the left of the big red rubber cube are made of different materials.
The matte thing that is the same size as the green metal block is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many other objects are the same color as the large matte object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects that are the same color as the large matte object.
How many red things are cubes or metal things? Answer: 1. Output: There are two red cubes or metal things in the image.
There is a thing that is behind the large cube that is in front of the purple thing right of the big red object; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is there a red rubber thing that has the same size as the purple metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a red rubber thing that has the same size as the purple metallic block.
What number of red things have the same size as the purple thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there fewer tiny red rubber things that are behind the tiny block than small red cubes to the left of the large purple shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a block in front of the big block in front of the large block to the right of the large matte thing; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a object that is behind the tiny red matte object and on the left side of the shiny block; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the tiny rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the large object in front of the metal block? Answer: cube. Output: The large object in front of the metal block is a cube.
What shape is the thing that is in front of the metal thing and right of the tiny block? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many purple objects are big metallic cubes or tiny rubber objects? Answer: 1. Output: There is only one purple object, which is a big metallic cube.
Are there any cyan cylinders that have the same size as the purple thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes
Is the size of the thing behind the purple metallic thing the same as the big purple metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the rubber cylinder? Answer: large. Output: The size of the rubber cylinder is not specified.
The shiny cylinder that is left of the big cylinder that is in front of the big thing behind the purple cylinder is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple.
Is the color of the metal cylinder on the right side of the cyan cylinder the same as the rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are to the right of the big matte object and on the left side of the purple cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: two
The cyan object that is the same shape as the gray matte thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a shiny cylinder to the left of the shiny thing that is behind the cyan shiny object; how many purple metallic objects are right of it? Answer: 1. Output: one
There is a thing behind the metal thing that is on the right side of the small object; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: purple
How many other things are made of the same material as the tiny cyan cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other things made of the same material as the tiny cyan cylinder.
What is the material of the small purple block? Answer: rubber. Output: The small purple block is made of plastic.
The metal block on the right side of the metal cube that is behind the purple object to the left of the purple metal block is what color? Answer: purple. Output: red
There is a large thing that is the same shape as the tiny purple thing; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
What number of other rubber cubes are the same size as the purple matte cube? Answer: 0. Output: three
How many tiny red cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Does the large purple thing have the same material as the purple thing that is to the left of the red shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many purple things are large objects or rubber things? Answer: 2. Output: There are two purple large objects or rubber things.
There is a red cube that is the same material as the big thing; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many red shiny objects have the same shape as the purple matte object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two red shiny objects that have the same shape as the purple matte object.
Is the number of shiny blocks that are in front of the tiny purple matte object greater than the number of purple cubes that are in front of the purple metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of shiny blocks that are in front of the tiny purple matte object is greater than the number of purple cubes that are in front of the purple metal cube.
How many other things are the same shape as the tiny red matte object? Answer: 3. Output: 0
What is the small object that is on the left side of the rubber object that is right of the big rubber block made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there anything else that is the same size as the yellow metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the material of the small yellow cube the same as the object to the right of the blue matte block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cube that is both on the left side of the large matte object and behind the tiny yellow metallic block; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What is the color of the rubber block behind the block that is to the left of the small shiny object? Answer: red. Output: The color of the rubber block behind the block that is to the left of the small shiny object is blue.
There is a big object that is in front of the small shiny block; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there fewer big blue rubber objects than tiny yellow rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
Do the big metallic object and the shiny thing that is right of the cyan cube have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the number of metallic cubes that are behind the small red matte block the same as the number of tiny cubes behind the yellow metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any brown objects that have the same material as the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two brown objects that have the same material as the cyan object.
What is the color of the big metal cube? Answer: yellow. Output: The big metal cube is blue.
Does the thing that is to the right of the purple matte object have the same shape as the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a big matte object that is behind the large cube on the left side of the matte block that is to the left of the big purple thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
There is a large cube that is in front of the large metal thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What is the color of the metallic block that is the same size as the cyan thing? Answer: yellow. Output: The color of the metallic block that is the same size as the cyan thing is gold.
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the big yellow shiny thing? Answer: 3. Output: three
Is the size of the purple rubber object the same as the cyan rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of large cyan cubes in front of the yellow cube greater than the number of purple rubber things on the left side of the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other things are there of the same size as the purple rubber cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things of the same size as the purple rubber cube.
Is the color of the ball behind the tiny metal sphere the same as the large thing that is to the left of the red shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the color of the ball behind the tiny metal sphere is the same as the large thing that is to the left of the red shiny thing. No, the color of the ball behind the tiny metal sphere is not the same as the large thing that is to the left of the red shiny thing.
There is a red shiny object that is the same size as the red rubber object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there any large red shiny objects that have the same shape as the large matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two large red shiny objects that have the same shape as the large matte thing.
Do the small sphere that is in front of the red shiny sphere and the big ball on the right side of the red rubber thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many small gray balls have the same material as the small purple ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are two small gray balls that have the same material as the small purple ball.
What is the color of the tiny metallic sphere? Answer: purple. Output: The tiny metallic sphere is red.
Is the shape of the metallic object behind the purple metallic sphere the same as the thing that is on the left side of the rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the metallic sphere right of the purple sphere? Answer: red. Output: The metallic sphere right of the purple sphere is red.
Are there fewer small purple balls right of the rubber thing than red objects that are to the right of the tiny shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of other objects are the same material as the small purple sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 2
How many large objects are gray cubes or blue metal spheres? Answer: 0. Output: There are three large objects that are gray cubes or blue metal spheres.
What color is the object that is behind the small gray thing? Answer: blue. Output: The object that is behind the small gray thing is blue.
Are there any blue metallic objects that have the same size as the gray metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a blue metallic object that has the same size as the gray metallic object.
There is a blue object; is its size the same as the shiny object that is in front of the gray cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing behind the gray metal block; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there an equal number of cubes that are on the right side of the tiny gray metallic thing and small brown blocks? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of cubes that are on the right side of the tiny gray metallic thing and small brown blocks.
Is the size of the brown metal block the same as the gray metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the size of the brown metal block is the same as the gray metallic thing.
There is a small gray thing that is the same shape as the small blue metal object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a shiny thing that is in front of the tiny gray shiny thing; how many metallic cubes are on the right side of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
What number of other objects are the same material as the gray thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a green metallic object; is its size the same as the green thing that is in front of the cyan matte object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of tiny cyan things are the same material as the large green object? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the cyan object the same size as the green shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the cyan object is smaller than the green shiny object.
Are there any other things of the same color as the small metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no other things of the same color as the small metallic object.
What is the size of the green sphere on the left side of the large green object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the green sphere on the left side of the large green object is small.
How many big rubber balls are in front of the green ball right of the sphere behind the tiny cyan thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
Are there any big things on the left side of the big green object? Answer: no. Output: No
How many other objects are there of the same size as the metallic sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the metallic sphere.
There is a object that is to the right of the tiny green metallic thing and left of the green matte thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Does the small thing right of the metallic sphere have the same shape as the object in front of the cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a metal object in front of the gray cube; is it the same size as the purple shiny thing behind the gray cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the other big object that is the same shape as the big gray shiny thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The other big object that is the same shape as the big gray shiny thing is made of metal.
What number of small things are either blue rubber cylinders or purple shiny objects? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What is the yellow block made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The yellow block is made of plastic.
There is a large matte block; is it the same color as the big block that is on the left side of the yellow rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the yellow thing that is the same size as the gray block? Answer: rubber. Output: The yellow thing is not the same size as the gray block. The yellow thing is smaller than the gray block.
Is there another tiny block made of the same material as the gray block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another tiny block made of the same material as the gray block.
What number of small brown rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the material of the big yellow block the same as the tiny purple thing in front of the big gray object? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a large yellow object; is it the same shape as the purple thing that is behind the gray block? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a red block that is the same size as the brown block; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What is the material of the thing that is on the left side of the brown shiny thing and to the right of the large gray rubber thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a big object in front of the tiny red metal object; is there a gray block to the right of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What is the size of the cube that is on the left side of the small brown thing and on the right side of the gray rubber cube? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
What number of cyan things are small shiny blocks or matte blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the shape of the brown shiny thing that is the same size as the red shiny cube? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
There is a metal cube to the right of the thing that is behind the small red cube; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are the red thing that is to the left of the brown metallic object and the brown object made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a tiny thing that is to the left of the large gray thing; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many matte things have the same size as the gray rubber cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three matte things that have the same size as the gray rubber cube.
Do the large cylinder that is to the left of the cyan cylinder and the cylinder that is in front of the cyan object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the color of the big rubber thing that is the same shape as the tiny brown thing? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What material is the tiny object that is to the right of the matte object that is in front of the cyan object made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny object that is to the right of the matte object that is in front of the cyan object is made of plastic.
There is a brown object on the left side of the tiny cyan rubber object; is its shape the same as the object that is on the right side of the tiny brown rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How big is the cylinder that is behind the tiny brown matte cylinder and on the left side of the small cyan cylinder? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
How many other things are the same color as the large rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are the tiny thing that is to the left of the tiny cyan cylinder and the tiny cyan cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that is the same size as the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer large blue objects on the left side of the brown cylinder than cylinders to the right of the blue object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a rubber thing that is in front of the rubber object on the right side of the brown object; how many small brown cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small brown cylinders in front of the rubber object on the right side of the brown object.
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the large cube left of the big green thing have the same material as the thing on the right side of the green rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of big gray matte objects in front of the large brown rubber cube the same as the number of small red things to the left of the tiny red metallic block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of big gray matte objects in front of the large brown rubber cube is the same as the number of small red things to the left of the tiny red metallic block.
How many other tiny metallic blocks have the same color as the tiny metallic cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other tiny metallic blocks with the same color as the tiny metallic cube.
How many metal objects are large blue blocks or big gray cubes? Answer: 0. Output: There are three metal objects that are large blue blocks or big gray cubes.
There is a big rubber thing in front of the gray rubber block; is its shape the same as the large object left of the shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small metallic object; how many large brown matte objects are on the right side of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there any big green spheres made of the same material as the small block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big green sphere made of the same material as the small block.
Is the material of the big brown block the same as the big gray object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the big brown block is different from the big gray object.
How many objects are red metal things or big gray cubes? Answer: 2. Output: There are three red metal things or big gray cubes in the image.
Are there an equal number of blue cubes that are behind the blue cube and small rubber things in front of the large rubber object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of blue cubes behind the blue cube and small rubber things in front of the large rubber object.
The block right of the rubber object behind the object right of the large purple block is what color? Answer: gray. Output: blue
Is there anything else that has the same color as the large matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that has the same color as the large matte object, which is purple.
What is the size of the matte block that is behind the tiny brown thing? Answer: large. Output: The size of the matte block that is behind the tiny brown thing is not specified in the image.
There is a gray object that is the same size as the brown cube; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are the tiny block that is right of the tiny blue block and the tiny block that is in front of the gray metallic cube made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the tiny block that is right of the tiny blue block and the tiny block that is in front of the gray metallic cube are made of the same material.
There is a small cube behind the cube that is to the right of the large purple matte cube; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a metallic object left of the rubber cube to the right of the metal block behind the large purple object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Do the blue cube and the gray metal thing have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a rubber object behind the tiny brown block; is its shape the same as the metallic thing that is right of the large purple object? Answer: yes. Output: no
The large object in front of the cylinder that is left of the big object in front of the big gray cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: round
There is a red thing; does it have the same size as the cylinder in front of the gray metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large metal object that is right of the gray thing and in front of the red cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many small things are either brown shiny objects or green metal things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small things that are either brown shiny objects or green metal things.
Are there an equal number of large metal things that are in front of the gray shiny cylinder and large red metallic cylinders behind the big red shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of large metal things that are in front of the gray shiny cylinder and large red metallic cylinders behind the big red shiny cylinder.
Are there the same number of big metal cylinders right of the large red shiny cylinder and blue rubber objects? Answer: yes. Output: No
Does the red metallic thing have the same size as the gray shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the red metallic thing has the same size as the gray shiny cylinder.
What is the material of the cylinder that is right of the gray metallic cylinder and behind the brown shiny cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the cylinder that is right of the gray metallic cylinder and behind the brown shiny cylinder is aluminum.
What number of other objects have the same shape as the brown shiny thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What is the object that is left of the brown metallic object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The object that is left of the brown metallic object is made of silver.
Do the blue matte thing and the gray matte block have the same size? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the blue matte thing and the gray matte block have the same size.
What is the material of the gray object? Answer: rubber. Output: The gray object is made of plastic.
There is a blue cube that is the same size as the gray cube; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the blue matte object. Yes, there is another rubber thing that has the same size as the
Are there an equal number of gray matte cubes behind the large matte thing and gray matte objects in front of the gray cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of gray matte cubes behind the large matte thing and gray matte objects in front of the gray cube.
Is the number of tiny objects greater than the number of big purple matte balls? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of shiny things are either purple cylinders or blue things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many blocks have the same color as the tiny metal object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the material of the blue thing on the left side of the thing that is in front of the gray matte cube on the right side of the metal object? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the blue thing on the left side of the thing that is in front of the gray matte cube on the right side of the metal object is plastic.
There is a rubber block in front of the rubber thing behind the blue matte thing; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the purple object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of tiny objects are purple cylinders or gray metal cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 3
The tiny metal thing has what color? Answer: red. Output: The tiny metal thing has a gray color.
There is a rubber cylinder behind the purple cylinder; are there any large purple cylinders left of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of tiny gray matte cylinders that are to the right of the big purple cylinder less than the number of small objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the material of the object that is right of the red cylinder the same as the small red thing? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What color is the thing that is made of the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: purple. Output: The thing that is made of the same material as the gray cylinder is purple.
Is the number of big matte things that are right of the gray cylinder less than the number of things right of the large matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any big yellow objects that have the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big yellow objects that have the same material as the gray cylinder.
What is the size of the rubber cylinder that is on the right side of the purple cylinder in front of the small red metal thing? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the yellow cylinder have the same size as the blue object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any tiny metallic cylinders of the same color as the large matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny metallic cylinders of the same color as the large matte cylinder in the image.
Do the rubber thing left of the large blue cylinder and the large blue thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of things are the same size as the blue rubber cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a rubber object that is to the left of the brown metallic cylinder; what number of big metal things are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
Do the cylinder that is to the right of the big brown cylinder and the small cylinder have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the thing that is to the left of the large brown metal object have the same material as the big cylinder that is to the right of the brown shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of tiny matte objects right of the big metal cylinder greater than the number of tiny green metal spheres? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a rubber object behind the yellow object on the left side of the big blue rubber cylinder; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What number of matte things are there? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Does the thing right of the brown matte cylinder have the same size as the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of shiny objects are large red objects or large yellow cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are two large red objects or large yellow cylinders.
What number of big purple metal cylinders are in front of the big cylinder that is to the left of the shiny cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: three
The thing that is in front of the purple metal cylinder and behind the tiny cylinder has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: circle
There is a large object that is in front of the large thing that is right of the large cylinder that is in front of the big purple shiny thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The large object that is in front of the large cylinder that is right of the big purple shiny thing is made of metal.
What is the brown cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The brown cylinder is made of plastic.
Are the large purple thing and the cylinder in front of the large matte cylinder made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the large purple thing and the cylinder in front of the large matte cylinder are made of the same material.
What is the color of the cylinder behind the large object left of the large purple metal cylinder? Answer: purple. Output: The color of the cylinder behind the large object left of the large purple metal cylinder is yellow.
There is a object that is both to the left of the purple shiny cylinder and right of the big matte cylinder; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What material is the other brown object that is the same shape as the large rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many large objects are either yellow shiny balls or gray matte spheres? Answer: 0. Output: There are three large objects that are either yellow shiny balls or gray matte spheres.
What material is the small brown ball? Answer: metal. Output: The small brown ball is made of metal.
What is the material of the ball that is behind the tiny yellow object and in front of the big purple metal ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the ball that is behind the tiny yellow object and in front of the big purple metal ball is plastic.
There is a large rubber ball; does it have the same color as the object that is behind the big purple shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another sphere that is the same size as the yellow sphere; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there a green sphere made of the same material as the large blue object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a green sphere made of the same material as the large blue object.
What number of big cyan cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Does the big purple object have the same material as the small sphere on the right side of the tiny brown sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the size of the yellow metal ball? Answer: small. Output: The size of the yellow metal ball is not specified in the image.
Do the large object in front of the big cyan object and the small metallic thing that is to the right of the cyan block have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there the same number of large gray metal objects in front of the large gray metallic thing and tiny gray matte objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of large gray metal objects in front of the large gray metallic thing and tiny gray matte objects.
What number of large shiny things are in front of the tiny metal cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large shiny things in front of the tiny metal cube.
The cyan shiny cube is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is another small block that is the same material as the cyan block; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: silver
What number of blocks have the same size as the cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Does the object in front of the tiny gray object have the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Are there fewer cubes to the right of the tiny cube than green cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a large thing behind the tiny gray metal cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a gray metal thing that is the same size as the cyan metal cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is there anything else that has the same material as the large green thing? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there any small rubber balls behind the shiny thing in front of the small blue rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no small rubber balls behind the shiny thing in front of the small blue rubber ball.
Are there an equal number of blue matte things left of the tiny yellow matte thing and purple matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of other objects are the same size as the yellow ball? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Is the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere is the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere. Yes, the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere is the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere. Yes, the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere is the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere. Yes, the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere is the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere. Yes, the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere is the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere. Yes, the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere is the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere. Yes, the material of the tiny sphere that is to the right of the blue sphere is the same as the large green ball that is to the right of the blue sphere.
What is the size of the green object that is to the right of the object that is left of the yellow thing? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a large shiny object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of small yellow rubber objects are behind the metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small yellow rubber objects behind the metallic object.
How many yellow things are made of the same material as the large green object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two yellow things made of the same material as the large green object.
Are the ball behind the yellow matte thing and the large green object made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the ball behind the yellow matte thing and the large green object are made of the same material.
What size is the gray metal thing that is the same shape as the small blue object? Answer: large. Output: The gray metal thing is the same size as the small blue object.
How many small blue spheres are made of the same material as the small cyan sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small blue spheres made of the same material as the small cyan sphere.
What number of gray objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a blue sphere; does it have the same size as the metal object that is right of the tiny blue metal object? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the gray sphere that is on the right side of the blue thing to the left of the gray shiny thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a shiny ball in front of the purple matte sphere to the right of the small purple matte ball on the left side of the big metal sphere; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: The shiny ball in front of the purple matte sphere is quite small compared to the big metal sphere.
What material is the large gray ball? Answer: metal. Output: The large gray ball is made of metal.
What number of metal objects are either small red objects or large gray objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small red objects and one large gray object in the image.
Are there fewer spheres that are in front of the large shiny sphere than metal spheres that are behind the purple metal sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are fewer spheres that are in front of the large shiny sphere than metal spheres that are behind the purple metal sphere.
There is a small metal sphere that is right of the small matte object that is left of the big metallic thing; are there any purple matte objects that are in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are purple matte objects that are in front of the big metallic thing.
What number of other things are the same color as the matte object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a metallic cube on the right side of the large blue thing; does it have the same size as the gray thing that is in front of the large blue object? Answer: no. Output: no
The thing that is behind the gray thing is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Are there fewer blue rubber cubes that are behind the large blue block than metallic things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the small object made of the same material as the big blue thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small object is made of the same material as the big blue thing.
The blue matte thing that is the same shape as the large metal object is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many objects are either large objects in front of the blue rubber object or objects to the left of the big shiny cube? Answer: 3. Output: There are two large objects in front of the blue rubber object and two objects to the left of the big shiny cube.
Is the number of blue cubes less than the number of large cyan rubber things? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the size of the blue thing the same as the shiny object in front of the gray metal block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the size of the blue thing is the same as the shiny object in front of the gray metal block.
How many rubber things are either tiny green things or large brown cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is another blue object that is the same material as the small object; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What is the shape of the large thing behind the big thing that is in front of the blue ball that is behind the tiny ball? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of cylinders are either tiny rubber things or large green objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Is there a rubber object that is on the right side of the blue ball that is left of the small thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that is the same material as the large gray object? Answer: no. Output: No, there is only one large gray object in the image.
There is a large shiny thing; is its shape the same as the rubber object that is behind the small blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other objects are the same size as the gray sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 2
What number of cyan objects are balls or tiny matte spheres? Answer: 0. Output: 1
How many spheres are in front of the tiny matte thing and right of the large gray thing? Answer: 0. Output: two
What is the material of the large object that is in front of the rubber sphere to the right of the large sphere that is behind the large gray ball? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the large object that is in front of the rubber sphere to the right of the large sphere that is behind the large gray ball is metal.
There is a tiny gray object that is the same shape as the large brown thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are there more large brown matte cylinders than small matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large brown matte cylinders than small matte cylinders.
Do the brown thing and the green cylinder that is left of the gray matte cylinder have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big objects are to the left of the large brown metallic cylinder that is behind the metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny gray matte cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big objects to the left of the large brown metallic cylinder that is behind the metallic cylinder that is in front of the tiny gray matte cylinder.
Are there fewer tiny objects on the left side of the big green metallic cylinder than gray matte cylinders that are to the right of the small gray cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other objects are there of the same material as the green thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same material as the green thing.
There is a green cylinder that is the same size as the brown metal cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many cyan objects are either large shiny things or tiny cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: There are no cyan objects in the image.
The object that is both to the right of the large brown metallic cylinder and behind the large green metal object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: Green.
Do the large object to the right of the big brown object and the big thing that is behind the gray matte cylinder have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of brown objects greater than the number of metal cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big thing in front of the large object that is to the left of the large rubber object; are there any blue matte spheres that are in front of it? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue matte sphere in front of the large rubber object.
How many other things are the same size as the brown matte ball? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a green object; are there any large shiny balls behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the metal thing have the same color as the object that is in front of the blue matte ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the big thing right of the object on the left side of the big ball that is right of the large metal object? Answer: brown. Output: green
Is there a blue matte thing that has the same shape as the green object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is another sphere that is the same size as the brown matte sphere; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: green
There is a large ball that is in front of the shiny ball; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the shape of the rubber object in front of the small blue sphere the same as the large object that is behind the blue matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of purple objects are either blocks or tiny metal blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of matte blocks have the same color as the metallic cube? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is there anything else that has the same shape as the purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of spheres are tiny gray objects or matte things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny gray objects or matte things in the image.
What color is the matte block in front of the small purple rubber object? Answer: gray. Output: The matte block in front of the small purple rubber object is gray.
The gray shiny object that is the same size as the purple rubber thing is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many gray rubber blocks are behind the small gray matte cube? Answer: 0. Output: There are three gray rubber blocks behind the small gray matte cube.
What number of objects are green blocks or tiny gray matte blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 3
The tiny object that is both behind the small gray matte thing and left of the small purple cube has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
What number of small cyan rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a thing that is both left of the small brown ball and to the right of the big metal ball; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
The large sphere behind the metallic object that is to the right of the big green shiny ball is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is the number of blue rubber balls greater than the number of metal spheres? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a blue ball that is the same size as the green thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Does the brown ball have the same material as the big green sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other spheres have the same material as the small sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 2
What number of things are either things in front of the big green thing or green spheres to the left of the blue object? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Are there more big metallic balls behind the large blue ball than brown metallic things right of the brown thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
The big thing in front of the green metal sphere is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue.
Is there a brown object that has the same shape as the large green metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a brown object that has the same shape as the large green metallic thing.
Is there anything else that has the same material as the small thing? Answer: no. Output: No
What color is the other rubber sphere that is the same size as the red matte sphere? Answer: gray. Output: blue
What material is the large object on the right side of the red thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The large object on the right side of the red thing is made of plastic.
What is the material of the thing that is both left of the blue metallic ball and in front of the gray ball? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Do the ball in front of the red thing and the red sphere have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a small blue thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of small blue objects are the same shape as the large gray object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of spheres are both in front of the red ball and behind the tiny shiny ball? Answer: 0. Output: two
What is the color of the shiny thing? Answer: blue. Output: The shiny thing is blue.
Are there any big cylinders made of the same material as the tiny object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big cylinders made of the same material as the tiny object.
Are there any small brown rubber cylinders left of the cylinder to the left of the brown cylinder to the left of the rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What shape is the other thing that is the same size as the red metallic object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there another tiny cylinder that has the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another tiny cylinder that has the same color as the small cylinder.
Is the shape of the big red object the same as the big brown object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many tiny things are brown rubber things or cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny things that are brown rubber things or cylinders.
There is a thing that is made of the same material as the big brown cylinder; what is its color? Answer: red. Output: red
How many tiny cylinders are made of the same material as the large brown cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are three tiny cylinders made of the same material as the large brown cylinder.
There is a metallic thing that is left of the big brown metallic cylinder; is it the same size as the rubber cylinder in front of the brown metal object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing that is left of the brown thing that is behind the rubber cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there fewer large red metal things on the right side of the brown metallic cylinder than large brown things that are in front of the red object? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the material of the large gray cylinder the same as the thing on the right side of the gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the large purple matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the material of the large purple thing the same as the big gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the large purple thing is different from the big gray thing.
Are there any tiny metal cylinders that are on the left side of the large cylinder behind the shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are tiny metal cylinders on the left side of the large cylinder behind the shiny object.
How many rubber cylinders are both to the right of the gray cylinder and on the left side of the tiny metal object? Answer: 0. Output: Two
What is the shape of the large matte thing to the right of the large purple rubber cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of purple cylinders are the same size as the cyan metal cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a big cylinder in front of the big gray matte object; is it the same color as the tiny metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cylinder that is in front of the tiny cyan shiny object and right of the big purple cylinder; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the number of cyan shiny things greater than the number of tiny yellow cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of small purple metal objects have the same shape as the cyan metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a shiny block that is in front of the small cyan object; does it have the same size as the cyan block on the right side of the large brown cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the small shiny thing in front of the small metallic block that is right of the tiny brown cube? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there an equal number of small cubes on the left side of the big block and big brown cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny cube that is to the right of the brown cube that is to the right of the brown metallic object in front of the tiny cyan cube; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there a purple metallic cube that has the same size as the purple metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple metallic cube that has the same size as the purple metal thing.
What number of cylinders are either small yellow metal things or small objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three cylinders in the image, two of which are small yellow metal things and one of which is a small object.
Are there the same number of objects to the right of the small purple metallic cube and small cubes left of the tiny brown thing? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a brown block in front of the block that is right of the big metallic thing; how many big objects are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What is the shape of the other thing that is the same color as the big thing? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is the material of the cylinder that is behind the tiny metallic cylinder the same as the small blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the cylinder behind the tiny metallic cylinder is different from the small blue cylinder.
What number of tiny cylinders have the same color as the big rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: three
Are there fewer small shiny cylinders that are behind the small blue metallic cylinder than large cyan matte objects on the right side of the large yellow object? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny blue thing; are there any cyan metallic cylinders in front of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any big cyan cylinders to the left of the big metallic cylinder in front of the cyan cylinder that is right of the matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the large object that is in front of the large yellow shiny cylinder and the large yellow metallic object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the large object that is in front of the large yellow shiny cylinder and the large yellow metallic object have the same shape. They are both cylinders.
There is a tiny thing that is the same material as the yellow cylinder; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: blue
How many big cyan things are made of the same material as the tiny cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: One
What color is the metal object left of the cyan object that is behind the large cyan thing in front of the small blue cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: Blue
Is the matte thing the same size as the cyan metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What shape is the big thing right of the large yellow cylinder that is behind the brown metallic object? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of yellow things are rubber objects or tiny spheres? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a big matte object right of the yellow matte cylinder that is behind the tiny brown cylinder; is there a yellow rubber thing that is right of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there anything else that is the same material as the brown thing? Answer: no. Output: No
How many tiny things are yellow cylinders or shiny cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny things that are yellow cylinders or shiny cylinders.
There is a small yellow rubber object that is in front of the shiny cylinder; is it the same shape as the shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of small yellow metal cylinders less than the number of big yellow matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other things that are the same color as the small rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two other things that are the same color as the small rubber thing.
There is a large yellow thing that is in front of the small rubber cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a tiny matte cylinder; is its color the same as the large cylinder in front of the small metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same size as the green object? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the material of the thing to the left of the tiny green shiny cube that is behind the large gray metal cube? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the thing to the left of the tiny green shiny cube is plastic.
How many small green shiny objects are the same shape as the blue rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What size is the thing in front of the object to the left of the object behind the blue matte object? Answer: large. Output: 1/2 inch
What number of blue objects are either big metallic cubes or big things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a large thing that is to the left of the small metallic thing; is it the same shape as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there more matte blocks that are to the right of the green shiny thing than large purple shiny cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other green objects are the same size as the green shiny object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of objects are large rubber objects or metal blocks that are to the right of the tiny green thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the color of the block that is in front of the tiny green object and behind the gray shiny block? Answer: blue. Output: The color of the block that is in front of the tiny green object and behind the gray shiny block is blue.
What is the color of the tiny object that is made of the same material as the big red sphere? Answer: green. Output: The tiny object that is made of the same material as the big red sphere is green.
Are there any other green metallic balls that have the same size as the green metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other green metallic balls that have the same size as the green metallic sphere.
There is a small ball left of the red object; is its color the same as the metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a object that is both right of the green rubber thing and behind the metallic thing; what color is it? Answer: red. Output: red
What shape is the other object that is the same size as the green matte thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there a small thing that has the same shape as the large red object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a green ball right of the red matte ball; does it have the same size as the big red sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a sphere that is behind the tiny green metal thing and in front of the tiny matte object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other things are there of the same material as the large ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the large ball.
There is a thing that is in front of the red rubber ball; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the red cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are other things that are made of the same material as the red cube. There are two green cubes that are also made of the same material as the red cube.
There is a big cyan cube; what number of large metal cubes are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there more big green matte cylinders than tiny red cubes? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What size is the other shiny object that is the same color as the large metal thing? Answer: small. Output: The other shiny object that is the same color as the large metal thing is smaller in size.
There is a block that is both behind the tiny shiny cube and in front of the matte object; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a cyan thing that is to the left of the small cube that is in front of the thing to the left of the tiny cyan cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a big thing that is the same color as the small metallic cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a small thing that is behind the big cyan metal block; does it have the same color as the small thing in front of the small red matte cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a tiny thing to the left of the cube that is to the right of the tiny thing left of the tiny red matte cube; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a object that is both behind the small shiny object and on the right side of the big shiny cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is the number of small gray things to the right of the tiny blue object less than the number of small gray matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of small objects are either metallic cylinders or yellow blocks? Answer: 1. Output: 3
The metallic cylinder has what size? Answer: small. Output: The metallic cylinder has a small size.
What number of tiny objects are to the right of the small blue rubber cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is another rubber thing that is the same shape as the blue object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What is the size of the object that is right of the small metal object and in front of the blue thing? Answer: small. Output: The object that is right of the small metal object and in front of the blue thing is much larger than the small metal object.
Is the color of the small metallic object the same as the tiny thing on the right side of the blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the color of the small metallic object is the same as the tiny thing on the right side of the blue cylinder. No, the color of the small metallic object is not the same as the tiny thing on the right side of the blue cylinder.
What number of yellow things are tiny rubber things or matte spheres? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the gray matte object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What color is the tiny cylinder behind the gray metallic object? Answer: blue. Output: The tiny cylinder behind the gray metallic object is blue.
How many objects are big blue metallic balls or tiny metal spheres that are on the left side of the big purple matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big blue metallic balls or tiny metal spheres that are on the left side of the big purple matte thing.
There is a sphere to the left of the tiny yellow rubber thing; is there a yellow rubber object left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
The matte thing in front of the small object behind the ball that is to the right of the small rubber ball is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What color is the ball that is both behind the small blue metallic ball and in front of the yellow rubber ball? Answer: purple. Output: The ball that is both behind the small blue metallic ball and in front of the yellow rubber ball is purple.
There is a tiny thing that is behind the large thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is another thing that is the same material as the yellow thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of metal objects are blue cubes or big spheres? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a object to the right of the small object that is right of the metal object; what number of large purple objects are to the left of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is the size of the object that is behind the large object the same as the blue ball that is to the left of the small yellow rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a big purple thing that is the same shape as the blue shiny object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a large rubber sphere; is its color the same as the metal object on the left side of the tiny gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
The shiny thing that is the same color as the big matte ball is what size? Answer: large. Output: small
The metal object that is the same color as the large matte object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of other matte objects are the same size as the yellow rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is another small object that is the same shape as the yellow metallic thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a thing that is behind the yellow shiny ball and left of the tiny gray metal thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a metallic thing that is in front of the tiny gray thing; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of things are to the right of the large yellow matte object and in front of the large matte object? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is the size of the gray metal ball the same as the shiny object to the left of the small gray shiny object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the size of the gray metal ball is the same as the shiny object to the left of the small gray shiny object.
What size is the metallic sphere that is in front of the metal sphere behind the big sphere that is behind the yellow shiny sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the metallic sphere that is in front of the metal sphere behind the big sphere that is behind the yellow shiny sphere is small.
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the large cyan cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two smaller cylinders that are made of the same material as the large cyan cylinder.
The large object that is made of the same material as the big cyan cylinder is what color? Answer: green. Output: purple
There is a matte cylinder on the right side of the purple matte thing; is there a cylinder that is right of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other things are the same shape as the tiny rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a large matte object that is right of the tiny purple rubber object; does it have the same shape as the thing in front of the green cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large rubber cylinder in front of the cylinder behind the green object; what number of large cylinders are on the left side of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What color is the small rubber thing? Answer: purple. Output: The small rubber thing is purple.
What number of other things are there of the same size as the green cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 2
There is a large green thing that is the same shape as the small purple thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
The object on the left side of the rubber cylinder in front of the rubber object that is to the left of the tiny purple thing is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the red metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
There is another small sphere that is the same color as the rubber ball; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a object that is both in front of the big red metallic object and on the right side of the matte sphere; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: green
What number of tiny cyan spheres are in front of the tiny cyan ball that is to the right of the large red metal ball? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is there another small cyan object that has the same shape as the small metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the tiny cyan thing to the right of the large metallic ball and the tiny thing left of the red metallic ball have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are either small yellow cubes or tiny things? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is another rubber object that is the same shape as the large object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of small cyan shiny balls that are behind the small cyan rubber thing greater than the number of small shiny balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many objects are either small objects right of the tiny rubber object or small cyan objects that are behind the tiny matte sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are two small objects right of the tiny rubber object and two small cyan objects that are behind the tiny matte sphere.
There is a large rubber cylinder that is left of the big green cylinder; are there any big cyan things that are on the left side of it? Answer: no. Output: no
The cyan object has what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
What number of objects are either large shiny cylinders or red matte blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three objects that are either large shiny cylinders or red matte blocks.
Is the material of the cylinder behind the big green cylinder the same as the big cylinder on the right side of the metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is another large object that is made of the same material as the cyan thing; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: purple
What number of other things are the same size as the green matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
How many other things are the same color as the large metal cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other things that are the same color as the large metal cylinder.
There is a purple shiny object that is left of the large green rubber object; does it have the same shape as the matte object in front of the large cyan matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the shape of the cyan matte object that is the same size as the green cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there an equal number of cylinders that are in front of the big purple cylinder and large cylinders that are right of the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a tiny red matte thing that is on the left side of the big blue rubber thing; is its shape the same as the tiny blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a blue ball that is on the right side of the small blue rubber object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of rubber objects are either large blue spheres or small balls? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Is there another red matte object of the same size as the red rubber object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another red matte object of the same size as the red rubber object.
Is the number of tiny blue spheres to the left of the large blue sphere greater than the number of large gray cubes? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big objects are cubes or red matte things? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What number of other rubber objects are the same shape as the small red thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What is the size of the blue ball to the right of the small blue thing? Answer: large. Output: 1.5 inches
What number of blue things are large rubber objects or tiny metallic cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there an equal number of blue objects behind the big rubber ball and large blue objects? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is there anything else that has the same material as the red thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things have the same material as the large cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are two things that have the same material as the large cube.
What is the color of the large object that is the same material as the tiny blue thing? Answer: gray. Output: The large object that is the same material as the tiny blue thing is gray.
There is a rubber block in front of the matte thing that is on the right side of the big gray rubber object; is there a red cube that is on the left side of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other large things have the same color as the metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What shape is the object that is the same size as the red metallic block? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there any large things in front of the blue block? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large things in front of the blue block.
Do the red shiny cube and the gray thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the small object that is in front of the big gray thing? Answer: cube. Output: Square
Is there a red metallic thing that has the same size as the blue rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other yellow things have the same shape as the matte object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there anything else that has the same material as the big yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of objects are either yellow cylinders that are to the right of the big rubber thing or big rubber cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: three
What material is the large yellow cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The large yellow cylinder is made of plastic.
What number of other objects are the same shape as the yellow matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a big yellow object; are there any yellow things behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the rubber object? Answer: yellow. Output: The rubber object is yellow.
Is there a green matte cube that has the same size as the matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of large rubber objects have the same color as the large matte cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: three
Are there any other things that have the same color as the small rubber object? Answer: no. Output: No, the small rubber object is the only one of its kind.
There is a blue rubber thing that is behind the red metallic cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
There is a object that is both in front of the large red metal block and on the left side of the tiny block; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How many gray things are big metal cubes or cubes? Answer: 0. Output: There are three gray things that are big metal cubes or cubes.
There is a metal cube that is behind the red metal block; does it have the same color as the small matte block? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a brown object behind the large shiny block to the left of the brown object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the material of the brown block that is the same size as the red cube? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the brown block that is the same size as the red cube is plastic.
What number of other objects are the same size as the cyan rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: 3
What number of cylinders are either large cyan rubber things or large objects? Answer: 0. Output: 4
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the large brown block? Answer: yes. Output: No
Does the gray object to the left of the brown metallic object have the same shape as the big brown metallic object that is behind the green object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are any tiny blue metallic spheres visible? Answer: no. Output: No
The matte thing that is the same size as the green block is what color? Answer: gray. Output: silver
What number of other large rubber objects are the same shape as the big green thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Do the big thing to the left of the brown thing and the large brown thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cubes are small blue objects or green objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a large metallic thing on the left side of the shiny object that is in front of the metal object behind the green metal object; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
How many other brown cubes have the same size as the brown cube? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there any large metallic cubes in front of the big shiny cube left of the large green metal object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large metallic cubes in front of the big shiny cube left of the large green metal object.
What number of things are big rubber blocks or purple rubber objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What number of large spheres are the same color as the tiny rubber sphere? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What number of other objects are the same size as the gray metal object? Answer: 3. Output: 1
There is a object that is behind the green rubber object and right of the big red shiny object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many brown matte objects have the same shape as the cyan rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the material of the large gray sphere? Answer: metal. Output: The large gray sphere is made of metal.
Does the gray object have the same shape as the tiny yellow metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any big yellow spheres made of the same material as the small yellow thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big yellow sphere made of the same material as the small yellow thing.
What color is the metallic ball that is in front of the red metallic ball and to the right of the small shiny object? Answer: brown. Output: The metallic ball that is in front of the red metallic ball and to the right of the small shiny object is green.
What is the small ball in front of the large gray thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small ball in front of the large gray thing is made of metal.
Is there another large object of the same shape as the large green object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another large object of the same shape as the large green object. No, there is not another large object of the same shape as the large green object. Yes, there is another large object of the same shape as the large green object. No, there is not another large object of the same shape as the large green object. Yes, there is another large object of the same shape as the large green object. No, there is not another large object of the same shape as the large green object. Yes, there is another large object of the same shape as the large green object. No, there is not another large object of the same shape as the large green object. Yes, there is another large object of the same shape as the large green object. No, there is not another large object of the same shape as the large green object. Yes, there is another large object of the same shape as the large green object. No, there is not another large object of the same shape as the large green object. Yes, there is another large object of the same shape as the large green object. No, there is not another large object of the same shape as the large green object. Yes, there is another large object of the same
Is there a green cube made of the same material as the small blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a green cube made of the same material as the small blue thing.
Are there more tiny green things left of the green matte thing than green metallic blocks in front of the small blue block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the small shiny cube that is behind the gray matte object right of the large blue cube? Answer: green. Output: The small shiny cube that is behind the gray matte object right of the large blue cube is green.
What is the color of the small metal cube? Answer: green. Output: The small metal cube is silver.
Are there any tiny balls of the same color as the metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no tiny balls of the same color as the metallic thing.
There is a small matte thing that is to the left of the gray rubber thing; is its color the same as the tiny metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are tiny blue rubber things to the right of the small green rubber cube or tiny green blocks? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is a small shiny object; are there any gray objects on the right side of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is another tiny block that is the same color as the metal block; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are the small green object in front of the tiny green matte thing and the gray object made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small green object in front of the tiny green matte thing and the gray object made of the same material.
Is the number of brown shiny spheres right of the green metal object less than the number of metallic balls that are in front of the big red metal ball? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the number of brown shiny spheres right of the green metal object is less than the number of metallic balls that are in front of the big red metal ball.
Are there any small spheres that are in front of the metal ball that is in front of the large sphere that is in front of the big red shiny ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small spheres that are in front of the metal ball that is in front of the large sphere that is in front of the big red shiny ball.
Is the shape of the small thing that is behind the rubber sphere the same as the big object left of the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the sphere that is the same size as the green shiny thing? Answer: metal. Output: The sphere that is the same size as the green shiny thing is made of metal.
Is the material of the small thing that is behind the large rubber sphere the same as the small object to the right of the brown metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a red object that is the same size as the yellow rubber ball; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many other things are there of the same color as the large rubber ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the large rubber ball.
There is a tiny metallic object that is on the right side of the large metal thing; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: green
How many other things are there of the same material as the green sphere? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the green sphere.
Is the number of large objects that are in front of the large rubber object greater than the number of brown metallic objects behind the red object? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of things are either blue spheres or tiny objects in front of the yellow object? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is a small blue sphere behind the tiny thing in front of the metallic thing; what number of spheres are in front of it? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is another thing that is the same color as the small metal thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many small blue things are there? Answer: 2. Output: 1
There is a blue matte sphere behind the metallic object; does it have the same size as the purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of shiny objects are either blue balls or big red cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a tiny shiny object in front of the large purple rubber sphere; what number of tiny yellow matte things are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
What material is the purple thing on the right side of the small blue object on the left side of the small object in front of the purple shiny thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a matte thing that is the same color as the tiny metal object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the material of the large purple sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The large purple sphere is made of plastic.
What is the size of the shiny cylinder that is behind the small shiny thing that is in front of the small green metallic cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the shiny cylinder that is behind the small shiny thing that is in front of the small green metallic cylinder is not specified.
There is a purple shiny thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What is the material of the small cyan object that is on the left side of the green shiny cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the small cyan object that is on the left side of the green shiny cylinder is plastic.
There is a small metal cylinder that is in front of the object to the right of the small rubber cylinder that is in front of the green metal object; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: The small metal cylinder that is in front of the object to the right of the small rubber cylinder is green.
What color is the metallic cylinder that is the same size as the green metal thing? Answer: purple. Output: The metallic cylinder that is the same size as the green metal thing is silver.
How many matte objects are either green cylinders or tiny green balls? Answer: 0. Output: There are three matte objects that are either green cylinders or tiny green balls.
There is a small thing that is the same material as the green cylinder; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: purple
There is a cylinder right of the matte cylinder to the right of the purple metal cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of things are shiny cylinders that are behind the purple object or metallic things that are behind the small purple metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three shiny cylinders that are behind the purple object or metallic things that are behind the small purple metallic object.
There is a metal thing left of the shiny cylinder behind the metal cylinder to the left of the small green shiny object; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many other things are the same color as the rubber block? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the gray cube made of? Answer: metal. Output: The gray cube is made of metal.
Are there any other things that are the same size as the green metal block? Answer: yes. Output: No
What size is the other metallic thing that is the same shape as the gray metal thing? Answer: small. Output: The other metallic thing that is the same shape as the gray metal thing is smaller than the gray metal thing.
Is there a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. No, there is not a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. Yes, there is a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. No, there is not a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. Yes, there is a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. No, there is not a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. Yes, there is a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. No, there is not a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. Yes, there is a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block. No, there is not a small purple rubber thing behind the small object in front of the small purple block.
Is the color of the small metallic object the same as the large metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the small metallic object is different from the large metallic thing.
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Are there more big gray metal cubes that are to the right of the matte thing than blocks that are left of the large gray object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more big gray metal cubes that are to the right of the matte thing than blocks that are left of the large gray object.
There is a object left of the green cube; is it the same size as the object on the right side of the green thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the small metal object? Answer: cube. Output: The small metal object is a cube.
Is there any other thing that is made of the same material as the purple ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are the gray ball and the thing behind the big gray metallic sphere made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the gray ball and the thing behind the big gray metallic sphere are not made of the same material. The gray ball is made of plastic, while the thing behind the big gray metallic sphere is made of metal.
Is there another big ball made of the same material as the gray sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is another big ball made of the same material as the gray sphere.
What number of objects are shiny objects that are on the right side of the gray metal thing or big objects that are on the right side of the tiny purple sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are three shiny objects that are on the right side of the gray metal thing or big objects that are on the right side of the tiny purple sphere.
How many other things are there of the same shape as the tiny purple thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What number of objects are either large balls or small brown matte cubes? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Are there any other things that have the same size as the purple sphere? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a big object that is to the left of the large yellow sphere right of the big gray metal thing; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Are there fewer purple rubber balls than big cyan rubber blocks? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a ball that is both behind the big yellow shiny thing and in front of the purple ball; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a metal object right of the small yellow thing; is its shape the same as the blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of large blue metal objects less than the number of green shiny things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What is the material of the green sphere that is the same size as the green rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is the color of the big metal object the same as the matte sphere to the left of the blue ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there fewer big green matte spheres in front of the blue matte sphere than tiny blocks? Answer: no. Output: Yes
How many brown spheres are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What shape is the metal object in front of the metal object that is behind the blue rubber ball? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a green matte object; how many green rubber balls are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: one
Are the tiny ball and the large sphere to the left of the large green matte sphere made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny ball and the large sphere to the left of the large green matte sphere are made of different materials.
Is there a blue rubber object of the same size as the yellow shiny sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue rubber object of the same size as the yellow shiny sphere.
Is the size of the metal thing behind the large metallic block the same as the matte block to the right of the tiny shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of things are either big metallic objects on the right side of the tiny green thing or metal objects that are behind the large cube? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big metallic objects on the right side of the tiny green thing or metal objects that are behind the large cube.
How many matte objects are either tiny green cylinders or tiny gray blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are two tiny green cylinders and one tiny gray block.
Is there anything else that is the same size as the cyan object? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the shape of the metallic thing that is right of the metallic cube behind the cyan shiny object? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
Is the material of the block that is to the left of the small rubber thing the same as the cube that is right of the tiny gray object? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a metal block that is left of the cyan shiny thing; how many big metal blocks are to the left of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What is the size of the thing that is both on the right side of the tiny green cube and left of the big cyan shiny object? Answer: small. Output: 1/2 inch
The big thing that is the same shape as the small rubber object is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: green
What is the color of the metallic cube that is to the left of the large thing right of the green object? Answer: green. Output: silver
There is a cube that is behind the large red object and right of the gray rubber thing; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: yellow
There is a red cube that is the same size as the yellow matte cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
How many other objects are there of the same material as the large yellow object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same material as the large yellow object.
What is the shape of the matte object that is right of the object behind the big yellow block? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is the material of the big object that is in front of the large yellow thing the same as the big cube that is behind the red cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the material of the big object that is in front of the large yellow thing is the same as the big cube that is behind the red cube.
What is the size of the gray matte thing on the left side of the big metallic thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the gray matte thing on the left side of the big metallic thing is small.
There is a red object that is the same shape as the big yellow matte object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there anything else that has the same size as the gray block? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a object that is behind the yellow matte object; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of other things have the same shape as the gray thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
What size is the green metallic thing that is the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: small. Output: the green metallic thing is smaller than the purple thing
The small thing that is the same shape as the big purple rubber thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: green
What is the size of the metal thing that is behind the big cylinder that is to the right of the big gray matte cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there a purple thing of the same shape as the tiny green shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Is the size of the matte thing to the left of the big purple thing the same as the cylinder that is in front of the small green metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer rubber cylinders that are behind the tiny shiny thing than things that are in front of the big gray matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What color is the cylinder that is on the left side of the large gray matte thing? Answer: green. Output: The cylinder on the left side of the large gray matte thing is purple.
There is a matte cylinder that is right of the rubber cylinder that is behind the green metallic thing; what number of large matte things are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
How big is the purple cylinder? Answer: large. Output: 3 feet
How many small green metallic cylinders are in front of the large gray rubber cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two small green metallic cylinders in front of the large gray rubber cylinder.
There is a small metal object that is on the left side of the shiny thing in front of the cylinder on the left side of the large cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: The small metal object that is on the left side of the shiny thing in front of the cylinder on the left side of the large cylinder is a sphere.
How many large cylinders are the same material as the brown thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large cylinders that are the same material as the brown thing.
There is a tiny shiny thing to the right of the tiny blue metal cylinder; what number of big gray shiny cylinders are right of it? Answer: 0. Output: three
Does the metal object that is on the right side of the gray object have the same color as the shiny object that is left of the gray metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metallic thing that is behind the large gray shiny cylinder and to the right of the blue metallic thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there any other large gray metal objects of the same shape as the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other large gray metal objects of the same shape as the gray thing.
The blue shiny object that is the same size as the brown metallic object is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What material is the brown object? Answer: metal. Output: The brown object is made of metal.
How big is the shiny thing that is behind the small shiny cylinder that is in front of the small brown metallic object behind the gray cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The shiny thing that is behind the small shiny cylinder that is in front of the small brown metallic object behind the gray cylinder is quite large.
What number of matte things are either brown cylinders or tiny cylinders? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Are there any other things that have the same size as the green metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other cylinders that have the same size as the green metal cylinder.
How many rubber cylinders are in front of the small brown thing and behind the big green rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three rubber cylinders in front of the small brown thing and behind the big green rubber object.
There is a tiny shiny object that is on the left side of the yellow object to the left of the tiny cylinder behind the tiny brown metallic thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many cylinders are either small brown objects or tiny shiny objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three cylinders that are small brown objects and two cylinders that are tiny shiny objects.
There is a tiny metallic cylinder that is behind the blue cylinder; is its color the same as the big metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The green cylinder that is on the left side of the tiny green thing that is to the left of the yellow rubber cylinder in front of the large yellow cylinder is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
Is the size of the brown cylinder the same as the blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a big shiny cylinder; is it the same color as the big thing that is to the right of the small yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small blue object that is made of the same material as the tiny brown thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a small metal thing that is behind the blue shiny cylinder; does it have the same shape as the small green matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the blue object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of blue matte objects are on the right side of the red sphere to the left of the red thing on the right side of the small blue matte sphere? Answer: 1. Output: two
Is the shape of the large metallic object that is in front of the small red sphere the same as  the big red object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the shape of the large metallic object that is in front of the small red sphere is not the same as the big red object.
What number of objects are either small blue objects or metallic objects behind the large purple metal thing? Answer: 3. Output: There are two small blue objects and one metallic object behind the large purple metal thing.
Are there more big red objects to the right of the purple object than large purple spheres? Answer: no. Output: No
Are there the same number of metallic spheres that are on the right side of the tiny matte sphere and balls on the right side of the purple metal object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of metallic spheres that are on the right side of the tiny matte sphere and balls on the right side of the purple metal object.
There is a red thing to the left of the blue matte sphere; are there any big balls in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
The purple object is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a metal ball that is the same color as the small shiny thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
There is a ball in front of the ball left of the large purple metallic thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
How many balls are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Is the size of the cyan ball the same as the red matte ball? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a large matte ball that is on the right side of the big thing that is to the left of the red sphere; are there any big objects that are behind it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the large object on the left side of the red rubber sphere? Answer: cyan. Output: The large object on the left side of the red rubber sphere is blue.
What is the size of the red thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the red thing is not specified in the image.
There is a cyan object; is its size the same as the ball that is behind the cyan rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a sphere in front of the big ball behind the matte object that is to the right of the tiny rubber sphere; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: blue
Is the object in front of the big cyan ball made of the same material as the big cyan sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other things are there of the same material as the big brown thing Answer: 2. Output: ? 3
There is a cyan object that is the same size as the brown sphere; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a small rubber cube; is its color the same as the shiny cube right of the small gray thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metal thing that is in front of the tiny purple matte cube; how many blocks are left of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a block that is both on the left side of the large yellow shiny thing and on the right side of the purple block; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any other purple rubber things that have the same size as the purple matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of small metallic things that are behind the yellow thing greater than the number of rubber objects that are on the right side of the gray metal cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
Do the small gray object and the small thing behind the tiny gray metallic block have the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the small gray object and the small thing behind the tiny gray metallic block have the same material. They are both made of metal.
There is a shiny cube to the left of the large yellow thing behind the tiny gray thing; how many yellow metal cubes are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: one
Do the purple object and the shiny object on the left side of the large metallic block have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the thing that is behind the gray object and to the right of the small rubber block? Answer: yellow. Output: purple
What is the material of the block that is in front of the tiny object behind the metal cube that is in front of the small purple matte block? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the block that is in front of the tiny object behind the metal cube that is in front of the small purple matte block is plastic.
How many other objects have the same color as the small rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects with the same color as the small rubber object.
How many things are big purple matte cubes that are on the right side of the big metal object or purple objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big purple matte cubes on the right side of the big metal object or purple objects.
There is a rubber object that is on the left side of the red rubber object; is its color the same as the metal cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a blue object that is the same shape as the red thing; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What color is the object in front of the big rubber thing that is on the right side of the small red rubber object in front of the blue metallic thing? Answer: red. Output: The object in front of the big rubber thing that is on the right side of the small red rubber object in front of the blue metallic thing is purple.
There is a block in front of the matte object that is to the right of the tiny rubber object; are there any tiny matte things that are left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the color of the large shiny object the same as the tiny cube? Answer: no. Output: No, the color of the large shiny object is different from the tiny cube.
Are there fewer green matte things than large purple matte objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Does the big purple block to the left of the tiny matte object have the same material as the blue block that is behind the small red matte thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of cubes that are in front of the tiny matte block less than the number of large cyan cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the material of the big cube that is on the left side of the gray cube the same as the big cube that is in front of the large blue rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the material of the big cube that is on the left side of the gray cube is the same as the big cube that is in front of the large blue rubber object.
How many other objects are the same shape as the large gray thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
What number of things have the same color as the big metal cube? Answer: 0. Output: 2
There is a thing right of the large gray matte object; does it have the same shape as the big matte thing that is left of the big gray rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many big green metal blocks are right of the blue thing behind the big rubber block that is right of the big blue cube? Answer: 1. Output: two
The big thing on the left side of the thing that is in front of the large cube that is left of the gray thing is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the material of the object that is left of the large gray cube the same as the gray block? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many other shiny things are the same size as the metal thing? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Are there more big green shiny blocks to the right of the big green thing than blue cubes left of the blue block? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there another big blue object of the same shape as the large blue object? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the blue rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
There is another big sphere that is the same material as the cyan ball; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: gold
Does the rubber object have the same shape as the yellow metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many balls are both to the left of the yellow shiny sphere and behind the tiny matte sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are two balls that are both to the left of the yellow shiny sphere and behind the tiny matte sphere.
What number of metal things are big yellow things or large blue cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a shiny ball right of the big shiny thing that is behind the big cyan metallic object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there a yellow ball that is right of the large object right of the sphere behind the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Does the object left of the large yellow metal thing have the same material as the large object on the left side of the big cyan metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many objects are either cyan metal balls or spheres behind the small blue matte object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are either cyan metal balls or spheres behind the small blue matte object.
What number of other cyan things are the same shape as the big cyan object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What material is the tiny purple object that is the same shape as the brown metal thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny purple object that is the same shape as the brown metal thing is made of plastic.
Is the number of tiny brown metal cylinders that are behind the brown metal object greater than the number of big red metallic cubes? Answer: no. Output: no
Is there any other thing that has the same color as the metal object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that has the same color as the metal object, which is purple.
The small thing that is made of the same material as the blue cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the small cylinder in front of the purple matte thing made of the same material as the tiny purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a shiny cylinder behind the blue matte cylinder; does it have the same color as the matte thing that is on the right side of the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of cylinders are both right of the tiny blue cylinder and on the left side of the brown cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: two
What is the small brown object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The small brown object is made of metal.
What shape is the purple rubber thing that is the same size as the blue thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Does the cylinder that is in front of the small purple matte thing have the same material as the object that is behind the purple matte thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are the same material as the green object? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a big cyan cylinder in front of the green metal cylinder; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
The other metal object that is the same size as the green metal thing is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
What number of tiny objects are purple matte things or cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is the number of green things in front of the green thing the same as the number of large cyan cylinders that are in front of the small purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How many cylinders are the same size as the purple metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two cylinders that are the same size as the purple metallic thing.
How many yellow things are small cubes or small things? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there an equal number of big cylinders left of the large cyan cylinder and green things? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a cylinder that is left of the small green metal cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of other small shiny objects are the same shape as the cyan metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
There is a big object that is the same material as the cyan ball; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: green
How many purple balls have the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the tiny sphere that is in front of the cyan thing and the big matte sphere have the same color? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other big things are the same shape as the large object? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there the same number of green balls that are on the right side of the small green object and big purple matte spheres? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of green balls on the right side of the small green object and big purple matte spheres. No, there are not the same number of green balls on the right side of the small green object and big purple matte spheres.
There is a thing that is the same size as the green sphere; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
Is there another small rubber object that has the same shape as the green object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other objects are the same size as the cyan ball? Answer: 1. Output: 0
The big thing has what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
How many rubber objects are red cylinders or large purple balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are three rubber objects in the picture, two of which are red cylinders and one of which is a large purple ball.
There is a small brown thing to the right of the large blue metal sphere; is its shape the same as the large object that is behind the big blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a thing that is both on the left side of the brown rubber object and in front of the small metallic thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other objects are there of the same color as the tiny metallic object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same color as the tiny metallic object.
Is the material of the sphere left of the brown metal ball the same as the small brown sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is there anything else that is the same size as the brown metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a blue metallic sphere that is the same size as the brown metallic sphere.
Are there fewer large shiny spheres right of the brown rubber thing than blue shiny objects in front of the small metal sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are fewer large shiny spheres right of the brown rubber thing than blue shiny objects in front of the small metal sphere. Yes, there are fewer large shiny spheres right of the brown rubber thing than blue shiny objects in front of the small metal sphere.
There is a big ball that is the same color as the tiny sphere; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a large object that is behind the big sphere in front of the big rubber ball; how many large brown balls are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: There are two large brown balls in front of the big rubber ball.
There is a blue object; what number of things are behind it? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many other large blue objects have the same material as the blue object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other large blue objects with the same material as the blue object.
There is a cyan matte sphere; is it the same size as the rubber thing that is right of the tiny purple sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the ball that is in front of the big matte thing right of the big cyan thing? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
What number of things are large spheres on the right side of the cyan rubber object or balls on the right side of the big cyan matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a big matte thing behind the cyan matte object; is its shape the same as the matte object that is left of the tiny purple rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How big is the cyan ball? Answer: large. Output: The cyan ball is about the size of a tennis ball.
How many red things are either large metal balls or matte objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are no red things in the image.
There is a sphere that is in front of the big purple rubber sphere; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the purple thing that is on the right side of the small matte object made of the same material as the tiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of rubber objects are behind the big object that is on the right side of the tiny purple object that is behind the cyan ball? Answer: 1. Output: three
How many other objects are there of the same material as the small thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the small thing.
Is the number of small purple cubes that are in front of the tiny metal thing less than the number of tiny purple things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a big object behind the cyan rubber cube; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
How many other objects are the same size as the brown object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects that are the same size as the brown object.
There is a brown metal object; is it the same size as the cube in front of the tiny purple metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a purple metal object right of the large object that is behind the metallic object right of the rubber cube; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the number of blocks less than the number of big cyan matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any large cyan rubber blocks in front of the big rubber object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no large cyan rubber blocks in front of the big rubber object.
Are there any other tiny metallic objects that have the same shape as the small metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other tiny metallic objects that have the same shape as the small metal thing.
Is the size of the metallic cube that is in front of the big brown metal cube the same as the metal block behind the tiny purple object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the size of the metallic cube that is in front of the big brown metal cube is the same as the metal block behind the tiny purple object.
Are there more large metallic blocks than big yellow shiny cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more large metallic blocks than big yellow shiny cylinders.
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the large purple thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the material of the cyan ball that is the same size as the yellow thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a matte sphere that is behind the large rubber thing that is in front of the matte object that is behind the purple ball; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many other things are there of the same material as the purple sphere? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other things of the same material as the purple sphere.
How many spheres are both in front of the cyan sphere and behind the yellow sphere? Answer: 1. Output: There are two spheres in front of the cyan sphere and behind the yellow sphere.
What material is the big purple ball that is behind the matte ball that is in front of the shiny thing? Answer: metal. Output: The big purple ball that is behind the matte ball that is in front of the shiny thing is made of plastic.
There is a big cyan object that is the same shape as the large purple object; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are any small blue things visible? Answer: no. Output: Yes
What is the shape of the object that is made of the same material as the large cyan ball? Answer: sphere. Output: The object that is made of the same material as the large cyan ball is an egg.
What is the material of the big cyan object that is behind the yellow sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The big cyan object that is behind the yellow sphere is made of metal.
What is the shape of the large thing on the left side of the red shiny cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Do the thing that is right of the brown rubber thing and the cylinder behind the large red shiny object have the same color? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of things are behind the red shiny cylinder and to the left of the brown object? Answer: 0. Output: two
There is a thing that is made of the same material as the small cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: large cylinder
The brown object is what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches. The blue object is what size? 8 inches. The red object is what size? 6 inches.
What is the large red cylinder made of? Answer: metal. Output: The large red cylinder is made of metal.
There is a matte cylinder that is behind the red metal cylinder; is it the same size as the tiny blue matte object? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are brown matte things or blue shiny spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What size is the thing that is in front of the big brown thing and on the right side of the tiny rubber cylinder? Answer: large. Output: small
How many big rubber cylinders are there? Answer: 1. Output: There are three big rubber cylinders.
Does the tiny shiny sphere have the same color as the matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the tiny shiny sphere has a different color than the matte object.
What number of things are either tiny green things right of the rubber object or tiny green spheres that are on the right side of the rubber ball? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is the number of big metallic spheres greater than the number of cyan metal cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the small ball behind the green shiny object? Answer: green. Output: The small ball behind the green shiny object is blue.
Is the shape of the tiny shiny thing the same as the large cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a sphere that is in front of the rubber object and on the right side of the large cyan object; what color is it? Answer: green. Output: green
Does the thing behind the cyan thing have the same size as the green ball right of the rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are things behind the green metal object or balls? Answer: 3. Output: There are three things behind the green metal object or balls.
What is the big ball made of? Answer: metal. Output: The big ball is made of metal.
Is the green metallic sphere the same size as the rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the green metallic sphere is smaller than the rubber object.
Is there another large cyan rubber object of the same shape as the big cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of purple cubes that are behind the large cyan matte cube the same as the number of tiny blocks? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a purple rubber block; does it have the same size as the matte block that is behind the purple matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of cyan things are made of the same material as the purple object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the metal object the same size as the cyan rubber block? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there any other things that are the same color as the metallic block? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other things that are the same color as the metallic block.
There is a big object that is both in front of the cyan rubber object and on the right side of the large blue metallic block; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How big is the cube behind the purple thing? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
There is a large purple cube that is in front of the large rubber block on the left side of the purple rubber object; how many big cyan rubber blocks are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: There is one big cyan rubber block in front of the large purple cube.
Are there any purple matte things in front of the big blue cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple matte thing in front of the big blue cube.
How many things are metallic objects or rubber cylinders that are in front of the large rubber thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three metallic objects or rubber cylinders that are in front of the large rubber thing.
Are the large green object and the large cyan cylinder made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the large green object and the large cyan cylinder are made of different materials. The large green object is made of metal, while the large cyan cylinder is made of plastic.
Are there an equal number of rubber things that are left of the large rubber thing and green metal cylinders in front of the large metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of rubber things that are left of the large rubber thing and green metal cylinders in front of the large metallic thing.
There is a large green thing; how many big metal objects are behind it? Answer: 0. Output: three
How many objects are either large green cylinders or matte cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: There are three objects that are either large green cylinders or matte cylinders.
How many metal things are the same size as the green rubber cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two metal things that are the same size as the green rubber cylinder.
What is the shape of the large object that is in front of the large cylinder that is left of the large green metallic thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: The large object that is in front of the large cylinder that is left of the large green metallic thing is a sphere.
Are there fewer big green things than rubber cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a thing that is in front of the tiny green rubber thing; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: blue
What material is the cylinder that is both left of the tiny thing and in front of the large matte thing? Answer: metal. Output: The cylinder that is both left of the tiny thing and in front of the large matte thing is made of metal.
Are there any other things that have the same size as the yellow shiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple cylinder that is the same size as the yellow shiny cylinder.
What size is the cylinder in front of the small thing that is to the right of the purple shiny cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 1 inch
Are there the same number of purple cylinders that are to the right of the tiny purple metallic cylinder and cylinders to the right of the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of purple cylinders that are to the right of the tiny purple metallic cylinder and cylinders to the right of the yellow object. There are three purple cylinders to the right of the tiny purple metallic cylinder and three cylinders to the right of the yellow object.
Is there a metal thing behind the shiny object that is in front of the big yellow metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a metal thing behind the shiny object that is in front of the big yellow metal object.
What shape is the small object that is the same material as the big cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: round
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the tiny matte cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
The cylinder that is right of the metal object that is in front of the big yellow cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic.
Is there a large thing that has the same shape as the tiny matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other things are the same shape as the large metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a cylinder that is in front of the matte cylinder; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there any other things that have the same material as the large red object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other objects that have the same material as the large red object. They are purple and gold.
The small object is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of other small cubes have the same color as the small block? Answer: 0. Output: 2
What is the shape of the object that is the same size as the red rubber block? Answer: cube. Output: square
Are there any matte cubes that have the same size as the red matte object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three matte cubes that have the same size as the red matte object.
There is a thing that is the same size as the yellow metal block; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a metal cube behind the metal block in front of the large yellow cube; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the size of the block that is behind the yellow metal block the same as the large metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the size of the block that is behind the yellow metal block is the same as the large metallic object.
Are there more purple metallic things behind the big red matte thing than cubes to the right of the big yellow metal thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What shape is the thing that is both right of the large red thing and behind the small object? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are the blue thing left of the big blue metallic sphere and the cyan sphere made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer big cyan matte balls in front of the big yellow metal object than yellow metal objects that are behind the green metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are fewer big cyan matte balls in front of the big yellow metal object than yellow metal objects that are behind the green metal thing. Yes, there are fewer big cyan matte balls in front of the big yellow metal object than yellow metal objects that are behind the green metal thing.
How many other objects are there of the same material as the big cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: There are four other objects of the same material as the big cyan object.
There is a blue thing that is the same size as the blue matte ball; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there fewer large cyan things that are in front of the green metallic ball than big green objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a green thing that is the same size as the cyan ball; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many things are either yellow shiny objects or big things that are behind the large green metallic ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three yellow shiny objects and one big thing behind the large green metallic ball.
There is a blue sphere that is behind the big shiny ball on the right side of the cyan thing; what number of big objects are in front of it? Answer: 3. Output: three
There is another large ball that is the same material as the big cyan sphere; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: gold
How many objects are big blue objects or tiny cyan metallic blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are three big blue objects and one tiny cyan metallic block.
There is a cube that is both right of the green metallic object and behind the blue metallic block; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
The other big object that is the same material as the big blue thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: purple
How many objects are green metallic things or purple blocks? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects that are green metallic things or purple blocks.
There is a green shiny thing; does it have the same size as the shiny block in front of the green metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
The big thing that is on the left side of the metallic cube that is right of the cube that is left of the large blue metal thing is what color? Answer: green. Output: purple
Is the number of blue shiny blocks that are right of the small purple matte block greater than the number of big blue cubes that are to the right of the big blue shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of blue shiny blocks that are right of the small purple matte block is greater than the number of big blue cubes that are to the right of the big blue shiny cube.
There is a big blue thing; is it the same shape as the large metallic thing that is left of the blue metal cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a cube behind the purple rubber block; is it the same size as the metal thing that is in front of the large green shiny cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big shiny thing that is on the left side of the blue thing in front of the large green metal cube; is there a large blue cube to the left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of large metallic cubes that are right of the blue metallic cube less than the number of tiny rubber cubes that are on the left side of the green metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of large metallic cubes that are right of the blue metallic cube is less than the number of tiny rubber cubes that are on the left side of the green metal thing.
Are the purple sphere and the small brown thing made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the purple sphere and the small brown thing are made of different materials.
What number of gray things are either tiny shiny blocks or large metal objects? Answer: 0. Output: There are three gray things in the image, two of which are tiny shiny blocks and one of which is a large metal object.
How many red metal things have the same shape as the brown metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What is the material of the big red object? Answer: metal. Output: The big red object is made of metal.
Is the number of small purple metallic things that are behind the big metallic ball the same as the number of big shiny spheres? Answer: no. Output: No
There is a metal ball that is right of the red sphere; are there any big spheres that are behind it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of tiny things are gray blocks or purple metallic spheres? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Are there any red metal objects that have the same size as the red sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no red metal objects that have the same size as the red sphere.
What number of metal objects are red objects or tiny objects? Answer: 3. Output: 3
How many things are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
The thing that is right of the tiny gray metallic thing and in front of the large brown object has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the thing that is left of the gray metallic object made of the same material as the small gray object? Answer: no. Output: No
How many objects are either big green cubes or tiny cylinders that are to the right of the tiny gray cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is another cylinder that is made of the same material as the brown cylinder; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: blue
How many objects have the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two objects that have the same material as the brown cylinder.
What number of gray metallic objects are there? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a matte object that is to the right of the red matte object; does it have the same color as the metal cylinder that is behind the tiny metal object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many tiny things are left of the tiny blue thing? Answer: 1. Output: 0
Is there another large shiny thing of the same shape as the brown metallic object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another large shiny thing of the same shape as the brown metallic object.
Is the cylinder that is in front of the red rubber thing made of the same material as the small cylinder that is on the right side of the small shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the cylinder in front of the red rubber thing is made of the same material as the small cylinder on the right side of the small shiny thing.
Are there more small shiny cylinders that are right of the small cyan cylinder than small cylinders behind the large green cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more small shiny cylinders that are right of the small cyan cylinder than small cylinders behind the large green cylinder.
How many other objects are the same shape as the tiny object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a big cylinder in front of the green object; is there a cyan shiny cylinder behind it? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big rubber things are there? Answer: 1. Output: 0
There is a rubber thing; is it the same color as the thing that is left of the big rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more large yellow shiny cylinders than cyan cylinders? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more large yellow shiny cylinders than cyan cylinders.
Is there anything else of the same color as the small cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No
How many other things are the same size as the green rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the material of the large cylinder that is in front of the large object on the left side of the large thing on the right side of the green rubber cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the large cylinder that is in front of the large object on the left side of the large thing on the right side of the green rubber cylinder is metal.
Does the green cylinder have the same material as the cylinder in front of the cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a blue object that is in front of the blue metallic ball; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many blocks are either small shiny things or small blue metal things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small shiny things and one small blue metal thing.
What is the shape of the small object that is both to the left of the tiny cyan thing and behind the red thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there a purple rubber thing of the same size as the cyan shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of things are either small blue balls that are in front of the small cyan shiny object or tiny blue metal objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small blue balls that are in front of the small cyan shiny object or tiny blue metal objects.
Are the tiny red object and the small sphere that is to the right of the blue metallic sphere made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the tiny red object and the small sphere that is to the right of the blue metallic sphere are made of the same material. They are both spheres.
How many other things are there of the same shape as the small cyan object? Answer: 3. Output: 3
How many things are small shiny things behind the cyan object or tiny matte balls on the left side of the small cyan ball? Answer: 3. Output: There are three small shiny things behind the cyan object or tiny matte balls on the left side of the small cyan ball.
Are there fewer small metal things that are in front of the small cyan metallic ball than small blue metal balls on the left side of the small blue matte ball? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many large green matte balls are there? Answer: 0. Output: There are three large green matte balls.
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the green matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the color of the big matte thing that is to the right of the object to the left of the green rubber object? Answer: gray. Output: blue
There is a large cube that is in front of the big cyan matte cube; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is the number of small green things less than the number of cyan rubber balls? Answer: no. Output: yes
The rubber object that is behind the small object and on the left side of the big gray object has what shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the number of large things that are to the left of the gray matte object the same as the number of large cyan matte objects to the left of the green matte block? Answer: yes. Output: No, the number of large things to the left of the gray matte object is different from the number of large cyan matte objects to the left of the green matte block. The number of large things to the left of the gray matte object is three, while the number of large cyan matte objects to the left of the green matte block is two.
What number of brown objects are tiny cubes or matte things? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the shape of the big matte object right of the small block? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there any cyan cubes that have the same material as the big gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two cyan cubes that have the same material as the big gray thing.
Is the size of the gray rubber object the same as the cyan matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the blue metallic sphere that is in front of the small yellow metallic object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the blue metallic sphere that is in front of the small yellow metallic object is quite small.
Are there fewer blue spheres that are in front of the large blue sphere than large yellow metallic spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are fewer blue spheres that are in front of the large blue sphere than large yellow metallic spheres.
There is another blue thing that is the same shape as the small blue metallic thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a small object that is on the right side of the small blue thing and in front of the tiny yellow metal object; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a blue thing that is made of the same material as the big blue ball; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a big yellow object to the right of the small blue metal ball; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a blue sphere that is in front of the large blue metallic sphere; is its size the same as the purple object that is in front of the small yellow metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the size of the blue sphere is the same as the purple object that is in front of the small yellow metal object.
There is a tiny blue object in front of the tiny yellow ball; is its shape the same as the big blue metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the large blue thing? Answer: metal. Output: The large blue thing is made of plastic.
The rubber object that is behind the blue metal ball that is on the right side of the large blue metallic ball is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
There is a small purple object that is the same shape as the large yellow object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a cylinder that is both on the left side of the small purple matte thing and behind the small yellow matte cylinder; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: gold
The matte object that is the same size as the purple cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there a tiny cylinder that has the same color as the metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a tiny cylinder that has the same color as the metallic thing.
Are there an equal number of metallic cylinders on the left side of the metallic cylinder and metal things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of metallic cylinders on the left side of the metallic cylinder and metal things.
What is the size of the cylinder that is both left of the small purple thing and right of the yellow metallic cylinder? Answer: small. Output: small
The other tiny cylinder that is the same material as the purple cylinder is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: gold
What number of yellow cylinders have the same material as the small purple cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there the same number of purple matte things on the left side of the metal cylinder and tiny purple things in front of the small yellow cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of purple matte things on the left side of the metal cylinder and tiny purple things in front of the small yellow cylinder.
There is a tiny purple matte object; is it the same shape as the small thing in front of the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of small yellow things that are in front of the tiny brown thing greater than the number of small brown cubes on the right side of the big rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of objects are matte objects right of the small brown metallic cube or tiny brown metal blocks? Answer: 3. Output: There are three matte objects right of the small brown metallic cube or tiny brown metal blocks.
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the tiny metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What color is the cube that is behind the large matte block and right of the brown thing? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
What number of blocks are either matte objects or large cyan things? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What number of cyan matte objects have the same size as the brown metallic thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a tiny rubber cube left of the small brown object; how many small yellow blocks are on the right side of it? Answer: 1. Output: two
There is a thing that is both on the right side of the brown shiny cube and behind the large object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there more blocks than small shiny cubes? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there any things of the same color as the large cube? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no things of the same color as the large cube.
Is there a purple object of the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple object of the same size as the purple cylinder.
What number of other shiny things are the same shape as the big shiny thing? Answer: 2. Output: 2
Are there any other things that are the same material as the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other things that are the same material as the purple thing. There are two green cylinders that are also made of the same material as the purple cylinder.
Are there any other things of the same color as the large cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other things of the same color as the large cylinder.
How many gray objects are either metallic objects or large metal things? Answer: 0. Output: There are two gray objects that are either metallic objects or large metal things.
Are there fewer purple shiny cylinders that are on the left side of the purple object than tiny metallic cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other objects are the same size as the purple metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects that are the same size as the purple metallic object.
What number of things are either purple metallic cylinders or shiny cylinders on the right side of the large thing? Answer: 3. Output: three
Are there fewer things than big purple cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many metallic things are large cylinders or small objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three metallic things in the image: two large cylinders and one small object.
There is a large gray thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many matte things have the same size as the brown cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is the large gray object the same shape as the brown object? Answer: yes. Output: No
What is the color of the big matte thing in front of the object that is right of the small metal cylinder? Answer: blue. Output: The big matte thing in front of the object that is right of the small metal cylinder is blue.
How big is the cylinder that is both behind the tiny object and right of the blue matte thing? Answer: large. Output: 12 inches
Are there any other things of the same color as the small shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other things of the same color as the small shiny thing.
What shape is the gray thing that is the same material as the large blue thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a tiny brown shiny object; is its shape the same as the large object right of the blue cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the big cylinder that is on the right side of the thing that is left of the brown metallic object? Answer: rubber. Output: The big cylinder that is on the right side of the thing that is left of the brown metallic object is made of plastic.
Are there an equal number of cylinders that are behind the brown thing and blue things? Answer: no. Output: No
How many other objects are there of the same material as the big green thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other objects of the same material as the big green thing.
Do the red sphere to the left of the large gray ball and the green sphere have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the red ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The red ball is made of metal.
What is the material of the red thing that is the same size as the green metal object? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the red thing that is the same size as the green metal object is plastic.
Are there any things that have the same size as the green shiny ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there an equal number of gray shiny spheres that are to the left of the gray ball and big things in front of the big rubber sphere? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of gray shiny spheres that are to the left of the gray ball and big things in front of the big rubber sphere.
Is the number of gray balls greater than the number of big shiny things? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of matte objects are large gray objects or large green things? Answer: 0. Output: There are three matte objects in the image: two large gray objects and one large green object.
What is the material of the ball that is to the right of the large metallic object that is in front of the shiny object that is behind the big green ball? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the ball that is to the right of the large metallic object that is in front of the shiny object that is behind the big green ball is plastic.
What is the color of the metal sphere in front of the big object to the right of the large green thing? Answer: green. Output: The metal sphere in front of the big object to the right of the large green thing is silver.
What number of other things are the same shape as the small brown thing? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What number of objects are either tiny gray objects or shiny blocks? Answer: 3. Output: There are three tiny gray objects and three shiny blocks in the image.
Is the number of gray objects greater than the number of red matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of cubes are either gray metallic objects or shiny objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are three cubes that are either gray metallic objects or shiny objects.
How many tiny brown things are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What material is the tiny brown thing? Answer: metal. Output: The tiny brown thing is made of plastic.
Is there a gray metal thing that has the same size as the brown block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a gray metal thing that has the same size as the brown block.
How many tiny gray metal things have the same shape as the small brown metal object? Answer: 2. Output: There are three tiny gray metal things that have the same shape as the small brown metal object.
What number of red objects are either small metallic objects or big shiny spheres? Answer: 0. Output: There is only one red object in the image, which is a small metallic object.
Is the number of gray blocks that are behind the small brown cube less than the number of brown rubber things? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many yellow objects have the same size as the yellow cube? Answer: 0. Output: 0
What is the shape of the tiny metallic object that is the same color as the matte cube? Answer: cube. Output: The shape of the tiny metallic object that is the same color as the matte cube is rectangular.
What is the material of the small block right of the small cyan metallic thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The small block right of the small cyan metallic thing is made of plastic.
How many small cyan metallic things are the same shape as the matte thing? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a small cyan thing that is made of the same material as the small yellow object; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is the number of tiny green shiny things greater than the number of yellow things? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is another cyan object that is the same shape as the small rubber thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Are there more small cyan shiny objects that are in front of the yellow metallic object than cyan blocks? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more small cyan shiny objects in front of the yellow metallic object.
What is the material of the cube that is on the right side of the small metal thing that is in front of the shiny cube behind the small cyan metal thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the cube that is on the right side of the small metal thing that is in front of the shiny cube behind the small cyan metal thing is plastic.
How many things are either rubber blocks or cyan rubber blocks right of the small yellow metal block? Answer: 1. Output: There are three rubber blocks or cyan rubber blocks right of the small yellow metal block.
There is a matte object that is right of the large green rubber cylinder behind the green rubber object left of the gray cylinder; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: purple
Are there fewer gray matte objects than green objects? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a large matte object that is in front of the gray rubber cylinder and left of the purple metallic object; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: purple
What material is the large purple object that is the same shape as the large gray thing? Answer: metal. Output: The large purple object that is the same shape as the large gray thing is made of metal.
Is there anything else that has the same size as the cyan rubber object? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the number of gray matte things greater than the number of rubber things? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a big purple object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of large green matte objects have the same shape as the large metal object? Answer: 2. Output: 1
Are there fewer large purple things that are behind the cyan rubber thing than small rubber cylinders that are to the left of the gray rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of large purple metal things are left of the large cylinder that is in front of the cyan cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a cylinder that is the same color as the matte object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Is there anything else that is the same material as the big brown object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that is the same material as the big brown object. The other object is a smaller green cylinder.
There is a large brown matte object that is on the left side of the green metal cylinder; what number of small brown cylinders are left of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
What color is the shiny thing that is in front of the cylinder that is behind the big brown cylinder? Answer: brown. Output: The shiny thing that is in front of the cylinder that is behind the big brown cylinder is green.
Are there any large green things that have the same shape as the large brown matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are two large green things that have the same shape as the large brown matte thing.
How many objects are to the right of the matte cylinder and to the left of the large metallic cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: There are two objects to the right of the matte cylinder and to the left of the large metallic cylinder.
How many tiny cylinders have the same material as the large green object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two cylinders that have the same material as the large green object.
There is a brown object behind the tiny shiny object in front of the brown matte thing; is there a metallic cylinder that is on the right side of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What size is the shiny object on the left side of the green metallic cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the shiny object on the left side of the green metallic cylinder is not specified in the image.
There is a brown cylinder that is the same size as the green shiny object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Is there anything else that has the same material as the red thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there an equal number of purple blocks to the right of the matte block and things that are behind the purple shiny object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of purple blocks to the right of the matte block and things that are behind the purple shiny object.
Is the shape of the large object in front of the purple object the same as  the big red matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of red things are either spheres or big metallic blocks? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is another small thing that is the same shape as the purple metallic object; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a thing behind the gray block; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Is there a small gray thing made of the same material as the yellow block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small gray thing made of the same material as the yellow block.
Does the gray thing have the same size as the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many blocks are purple metal things or big yellow things? Answer: 2. Output: There are two purple metal things and one big yellow thing.
What number of other small purple things are the same shape as the small purple object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is there anything else that has the same size as the gray metallic object? Answer: no. Output: No, the gray metallic object is the only object of its size in the image.
Are there the same number of small rubber spheres left of the gray shiny sphere and small things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of small rubber spheres left of the gray shiny sphere and small things.
There is a tiny blue object that is behind the large metal ball; is it the same shape as the large gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a rubber object right of the blue rubber ball behind the shiny ball; how many metallic spheres are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: two
Are there more small blue spheres behind the gray thing than big things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more small blue spheres behind the gray thing than big things. Yes, there are more small blue spheres behind the gray thing than big things.
What material is the small blue sphere behind the matte thing in front of the blue matte object behind the large gray thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The small blue sphere behind the matte thing in front of the blue matte object behind the large gray thing is made of plastic.
What number of other things are the same shape as the large object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What is the shape of the tiny blue thing that is behind the large gray shiny object? Answer: sphere. Output: The tiny blue thing that is behind the large gray shiny object is an egg.
The big object has what color? Answer: gray. Output: silver.
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the gray thing? Answer: 0. Output: 2
Is the number of brown blocks that are left of the purple object the same as the number of brown cubes behind the small blue rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the other small thing that is the same color as the small metal thing? Answer: cube. Output: The other small thing that is the same color as the small metal thing is a cube.
Is the color of the object in front of the purple block the same as the small rubber thing behind the tiny blue matte object? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there more rubber objects behind the big cube than purple metal spheres? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more rubber objects behind the big cube than purple metal spheres.
What is the small blue cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small blue cube is made of plastic.
There is a small purple object that is made of the same material as the large cube; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: cube
How big is the blue matte block to the right of the small matte cube that is in front of the big yellow object? Answer: small. Output: 10 cm
What is the color of the tiny rubber object to the right of the brown rubber thing? Answer: blue. Output: purple
Is there a small purple object that has the same shape as the tiny brown metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small purple object that has the same shape as the tiny brown metal object.
Is the number of big cubes that are in front of the brown metal thing less than the number of yellow blocks that are left of the blue rubber cube? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What size is the brown thing that is made of the same material as the blue thing? Answer: large. Output: The brown thing that is made of the same material as the blue thing is much larger than the blue thing.
How many red metallic things have the same shape as the brown rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the material of the red cylinder that is the same size as the green shiny cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the red cylinder that is the same size as the green shiny cylinder is plastic.
Are there any large red blocks made of the same material as the big blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large red block made of the same material as the big blue cylinder.
What color is the matte cylinder that is to the right of the blue rubber cylinder and to the left of the big brown rubber cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: green
What is the material of the small object that is in front of the large rubber cylinder that is in front of the red cylinder that is in front of the small matte cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The small object that is in front of the large rubber cylinder is made of plastic.
How many spheres are tiny yellow rubber objects or red shiny things? Answer: 0. Output: There is one tiny yellow rubber object and one red shiny thing.
There is a brown cylinder that is to the right of the metallic cylinder left of the tiny yellow object; how many yellow matte objects are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: two
Does the tiny green object have the same shape as the large blue matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the tiny object behind the small red object have the same material as the small red cylinder left of the brown object? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there any other things that are the same size as the brown block? Answer: no. Output: No
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the big thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the large rubber thing? Answer: brown. Output: The large rubber thing is red.
There is a tiny block in front of the small red block; how many rubber cubes are left of it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a matte cube that is both left of the small red matte thing and behind the cyan rubber object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
What is the material of the cyan block in front of the small red rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the cyan block in front of the small red rubber object is plastic.
Is there another large matte object of the same shape as the cyan matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many other rubber things are the same shape as the small red matte object? Answer: 2. Output: three
Does the rubber block that is right of the small cyan rubber thing have the same size as the cube left of the cyan rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a thing to the right of the tiny block that is on the left side of the tiny red object; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What shape is the object that is both to the right of the large rubber sphere and left of the big cyan metal sphere? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
What is the material of the big brown object in front of the metal object right of the big metal thing that is in front of the cyan thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the big brown object in front of the metal object right of the big metal thing that is in front of the cyan thing is plastic.
Are there more balls on the left side of the large gray thing than gray metallic spheres behind the brown rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
How many other things have the same material as the big cyan object? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a object to the left of the big gray metallic thing; is it the same shape as the big shiny thing that is in front of the matte sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a big sphere behind the matte ball; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: silver
Is there a gray metallic object that has the same shape as the big cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a gray metallic object that has the same shape as the big cyan object.
What is the material of the large brown object? Answer: rubber. Output: The large brown object is made of metal.
There is a object that is to the right of the big brown thing and in front of the cyan ball; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of big blue rubber cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Do the tiny object that is left of the large purple matte sphere and the large matte sphere have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is there anything else that has the same color as the small shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
What shape is the big purple thing that is made of the same material as the brown ball? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
How many big matte objects have the same shape as the tiny metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: one
What is the small brown sphere made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The small brown sphere is made of metal.
Do the large thing and the small ball that is left of the brown matte object have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many balls are large purple rubber things or tiny yellow shiny objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three large purple rubber things and one tiny yellow shiny object.
What is the color of the rubber thing that is in front of the small rubber thing? Answer: purple. Output: The rubber thing in front of the small rubber thing is purple.
What is the shape of the metallic thing that is the same color as the big matte thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
What number of purple spheres have the same size as the brown rubber sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of small brown shiny objects have the same shape as the large object? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is another object that is the same material as the green object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What color is the block that is in front of the large purple object and right of the tiny brown cube? Answer: green. Output: Green
How many purple things are the same size as the brown metal block? Answer: 0. Output: There are two purple things that are the same size as the brown metal block.
What is the size of the cube that is both behind the tiny green shiny block and in front of the matte object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cube that is both behind the tiny green shiny block and in front of the matte object is small.
How many tiny metal cubes are behind the metallic thing to the right of the small metal thing that is behind the small green object? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny metal cubes behind the metallic thing to the right of the small metal thing that is behind the small green object.
Is there a small metal thing of the same color as the matte cube? Answer: no. Output: No, there is no small metal thing of the same color as the matte cube.
There is another metallic object that is the same size as the green metallic object; what is its color? Answer: brown. Output: silver
There is a tiny metallic thing left of the metallic cube in front of the tiny thing that is left of the small green shiny object; what is its shape? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
How many large purple matte blocks are left of the block that is right of the green thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is there anything else of the same color as the large rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: No, the large rubber cube is the only one of its color.
Are there more blue matte things that are right of the big cyan object than small rubber things that are to the left of the blue rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of rubber things are the same size as the cyan matte cube? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the number of things that are in front of the large matte block less than the number of green objects that are in front of the tiny green cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of things that are in front of the large matte block is less than the number of green objects that are in front of the tiny green cube.
Are there any cyan rubber objects that have the same shape as the tiny blue rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the large rubber thing the same shape as the small blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many tiny objects are either green blocks or cyan matte blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny objects that are either green blocks or cyan matte blocks.
Are there more gray balls than tiny rubber objects? Answer: no. Output: No
What size is the green thing that is made of the same material as the big cyan cube? Answer: small. Output: small
There is a matte block that is in front of the large cyan block; is its size the same as the cyan matte object to the right of the blue matte object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small things that are to the right of the object that is behind the tiny cyan matte object. Yes, there are small
Are there any metallic objects of the same shape as the tiny rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no metallic objects of the same shape as the tiny rubber thing.
What number of shiny objects are behind the metallic object to the left of the tiny cyan thing that is on the right side of the purple thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a rubber thing; is it the same color as the small cube behind the tiny matte cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are tiny cyan cubes that are on the right side of the purple shiny object or shiny blocks behind the brown cube? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny cyan cubes that are on the right side of the purple shiny object or shiny blocks behind the brown cube.
Are there more tiny things that are on the left side of the cyan shiny cube than cyan matte blocks that are on the right side of the brown object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more tiny things that are on the left side of the cyan shiny cube than cyan matte blocks that are on the right side of the brown object.
What material is the thing that is left of the purple thing that is in front of the tiny cyan block right of the purple block made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any cyan metal things of the same size as the brown object? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no cyan metal things of the same size as the brown object.
How many brown objects are tiny spheres or small blocks? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny spheres or small blocks in the image.
What number of small things are the same color as the small matte cube? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is there anything else that has the same material as the large block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two smaller blocks that have the same material as the large block.
The small block in front of the small object that is to the left of the small gray matte object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: yellow.
How many other objects are there of the same material as the purple object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other objects of the same material as the purple object.
There is a large purple object on the left side of the object that is in front of the small yellow cube; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there a tiny yellow matte block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
There is a object behind the rubber block that is behind the small gray cube; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Are there more tiny gray matte things to the right of the metal block than gray matte objects that are left of the gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of cylinders are either purple objects or gray rubber objects? Answer: 0. Output: 3
Are there any other things that have the same size as the shiny cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other cubes that have the same size as the shiny cube.
What color is the shiny object? Answer: purple. Output: The shiny object is purple.
There is a large cylinder that is behind the large metal cylinder and in front of the purple object; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: yellow
How many cylinders are purple matte things or big brown metallic objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are two cylinders that are purple matte things or big brown metallic objects.
Is the number of big brown things behind the big brown metallic thing less than the number of shiny cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a purple object that is made of the same material as the yellow object; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
How many cylinders are the same color as the shiny thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are two cylinders that are the same color as the shiny thing.
What number of objects are small red matte objects or big purple things? Answer: 1. Output: 3
What material is the big object that is behind the big matte cylinder right of the brown shiny thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Is there a big purple cylinder made of the same material as the yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a big purple cylinder made of the same material as the yellow thing.
There is a rubber thing in front of the big rubber cylinder that is to the left of the big cylinder that is right of the large brown cylinder; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: round
What is the yellow cylinder made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The yellow cylinder is made of plastic.
There is another big thing that is the same color as the large rubber object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there more rubber objects in front of the small green matte object than brown rubber objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more rubber objects in front of the small green matte object than brown rubber objects.
There is a big cyan object that is the same material as the large green thing; what shape is it? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a big cylinder that is in front of the rubber cylinder on the left side of the tiny gray object; what is its color? Answer: green. Output: green
Is the green metal object the same shape as the tiny gray rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a tiny green object that is the same shape as the cyan metal thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
Are there any green cylinders right of the metal object to the right of the cyan cylinder that is to the left of the large matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a large green metallic object; does it have the same shape as the big cyan object to the right of the cyan metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other things that are the same color as the big matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other things that are the same color as the big matte cylinder. There are four smaller cylinders that are the same color as the big matte cylinder.
There is a metallic thing behind the green metal cylinder; does it have the same color as the big cylinder that is to the right of the large green metallic thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of other rubber objects have the same shape as the small red rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
The matte sphere in front of the tiny rubber ball that is to the right of the small thing that is to the left of the big green rubber sphere is what color? Answer: red. Output: green
Is the material of the tiny object behind the small red rubber thing the same as the small red thing on the left side of the large thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are matte objects left of the gray matte sphere or big brown matte cubes? Answer: 2. Output: three
What number of things are big purple spheres or things left of the large green sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 3
How many green balls are the same size as the gray rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: There is only one green ball that is the same size as the gray rubber object.
Is the number of gray balls to the right of the small gray thing less than the number of objects to the left of the big green rubber thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of matte objects are either large spheres or small purple things? Answer: 1. Output: three
What shape is the red thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many small objects are green rubber balls or rubber balls? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small objects that are green rubber balls or rubber balls.
Is the number of tiny blue matte things that are to the left of the large cyan rubber sphere less than the number of small gray matte balls? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of matte objects are to the right of the tiny object that is in front of the tiny blue rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a sphere that is both in front of the blue rubber thing and behind the purple rubber sphere; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the number of tiny matte things that are behind the big cyan ball less than the number of purple balls on the right side of the small blue ball? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
The rubber ball that is both right of the cyan rubber thing and behind the purple matte sphere is what color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
How many other things are there of the same color as the large matte object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other things of the same color as the large matte object.
There is a tiny ball behind the small purple matte thing; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: blue
Are there any cyan spheres of the same size as the blue rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two cyan spheres of the same size as the blue rubber thing.
What number of objects are either small spheres behind the big cyan sphere or objects that are on the right side of the big matte ball? Answer: 2. Output: three
Is there another blue matte thing that has the same shape as the large matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are matte objects or metal things right of the brown cylinder? Answer: 3. Output: three
How many yellow cylinders are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Are there any red cylinders that have the same size as the red rubber object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red cylinder that has the same size as the red rubber object.
Are there fewer big purple metal things that are on the right side of the purple metal cylinder than large blue things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Do the purple cylinder and the red cylinder have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
The red cylinder that is made of the same material as the big brown cylinder is what size? Answer: small. Output: small
How many metallic cylinders are the same color as the tiny object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three metallic cylinders that are the same color as the tiny object.
Is the number of big brown cylinders that are in front of the large purple object less than the number of big purple cylinders that are to the right of the large blue cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Do the thing that is behind the tiny cylinder and the small thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there anything else that has the same material as the red cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder. Yes, the blue cylinder has the same material as the red cylinder
Is there anything else that is made of the same material as the tiny object? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that is made of the same material as the tiny object, which is a cube.
There is a metallic object to the right of the yellow block; is it the same color as the cube in front of the large blue cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the large yellow metal thing? Answer: cube. Output: The large yellow metal thing is a cube.
There is a small purple rubber object; how many big yellow things are on the left side of it? Answer: 1. Output: 1
How many tiny things have the same material as the small cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the material of the large thing in front of the yellow shiny thing the same as the purple block? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there any small purple cubes? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Are there more objects that are in front of the big yellow metallic block than big metallic things that are in front of the tiny purple cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more objects that are in front of the big yellow metallic block than big metallic things that are in front of the tiny purple cube.
The small cube is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
What color is the thing that is behind the purple thing and on the right side of the big yellow shiny object? Answer: blue. Output: blue
What number of other things are the same color as the tiny thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a small metal thing that is the same shape as the big cyan shiny object; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: silver
Are there any other things that are the same shape as the cyan thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a tiny metallic thing on the right side of the big yellow cylinder; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
What number of yellow metal objects have the same shape as the cyan thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
There is a cylinder in front of the tiny gray metallic cylinder; is its color the same as the shiny object behind the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many objects are either tiny purple metallic cylinders or big shiny objects? Answer: 2. Output: There are three objects in the image: two tiny purple metallic cylinders and one big shiny object.
What number of cyan cylinders are the same material as the large cyan thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Are there fewer tiny rubber objects than large cyan shiny objects? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the big cylinder in front of the large yellow metal cylinder and the gray object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the big cylinder in front of the large yellow metal cylinder and the gray object are made of the same material.
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer small cyan blocks than large spheres? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any big blue rubber spheres to the right of the tiny cyan sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a big blue rubber sphere to the right of the tiny cyan sphere.
Are there any other cyan objects that have the same shape as the metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two other cyan objects that have the same shape as the metallic thing.
Do the rubber sphere behind the tiny yellow matte object and the sphere on the right side of the small yellow thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of big blue objects greater than the number of tiny spheres? Answer: no. Output: no
How many small yellow balls have the same material as the small cyan ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Does the tiny rubber object have the same shape as the cyan metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What size is the sphere that is behind the rubber thing that is behind the thing in front of the large blue rubber sphere? Answer: small. Output: The size of the sphere that is behind the rubber thing that is behind the thing in front of the large blue rubber sphere is unknown.
There is a big blue matte object that is left of the small matte ball; is there a sphere to the left of it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of cylinders are the same color as the tiny object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
What is the color of the other large object that is made of the same material as the cyan thing? Answer: green. Output: The other large object that is made of the same material as the cyan thing is green.
Is there a cyan cylinder of the same size as the cyan thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more green metallic cylinders that are in front of the big green metallic cylinder than large green rubber cylinders left of the small cyan cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more green metallic cylinders in front of the big green metallic cylinder than large green rubber cylinders left of the small cyan cylinder.
Do the large cylinder that is in front of the small cyan rubber object and the cylinder that is right of the big rubber thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a green metal thing that is the same size as the yellow metallic thing; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there another large yellow metal object of the same shape as the yellow shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another large yellow metal object of the same shape as the yellow shiny thing.
Do the metallic object that is left of the large yellow cylinder and the large thing that is in front of the cyan cylinder have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the metallic object that is left of the large yellow cylinder and the large thing that is in front of the cyan cylinder are both green.
There is a cyan rubber cylinder; are there any big yellow things to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a object that is both right of the big green shiny cylinder and on the left side of the yellow object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the blue object? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a cylinder that is on the left side of the small cylinder; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What shape is the blue object that is made of the same material as the brown cylinder? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a big cylinder to the right of the large cylinder left of the blue thing; what is its color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
How many big objects are either blue things or green metallic cubes? Answer: 0. Output: There are two big objects that are either blue things or green metallic cubes.
What material is the large cyan object that is the same shape as the small matte thing? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there anything else that has the same material as the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
The shiny thing is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue and green.
Is the tiny cylinder the same color as the metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the tiny cylinder is the same color as the metallic cylinder.
There is a large object that is in front of the big cyan metallic cylinder; how many cyan cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: There is only one cyan cylinder in front of it.
What is the size of the object that is the same material as the small cyan cube? Answer: large. Output: The object that is the same material as the small cyan cube is much larger than the cube.
What number of cyan matte things are left of the rubber cube right of the yellow cube? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a yellow rubber block; what number of objects are in front of it? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a large thing behind the big block that is on the left side of the rubber block on the left side of the cyan rubber thing; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
There is a cube right of the yellow matte block; is its color the same as the big thing that is in front of the yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the shape of the big thing on the left side of the rubber block behind the cyan matte block? Answer: cube. Output: cube
Are there any other blocks of the same size as the brown metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are other blocks of the same size as the brown metallic block in the image. There are two other blocks of the same size as the brown metallic block, one is blue and the other is green.
What number of other big yellow rubber objects have the same shape as the big rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: one
Are there an equal number of tiny cyan matte blocks in front of the small rubber thing and cyan objects that are on the left side of the large yellow cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of tiny cyan matte blocks in front of the small rubber thing and cyan objects that are on the left side of the large yellow cube.
Are any small cyan blocks visible? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the other tiny metal object that is the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: yellow. Output: silver
How many things are either large cyan rubber blocks or cylinders? Answer: 3. Output: There are three things in the image that are either large cyan rubber blocks or cylinders.
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the yellow shiny object? Answer: 2. Output: There are two other objects of the same shape as the yellow shiny object.
Is there a tiny purple rubber block? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are small cyan metallic objects or shiny objects in front of the matte cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small cyan metallic objects or shiny objects in front of the matte cylinder.
Does the metallic thing behind the yellow cylinder have the same size as the brown object? Answer: no. Output: no
How many other things are there of the same size as the yellow metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two other things of the same size as the yellow metal thing.
The matte object is what color? Answer: brown. Output: The matte object is brown, yellow, and purple.
There is a cylinder in front of the large matte object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: The cylinder in front of the large matte object is made of plastic.
Is there another ball that has the same color as the matte ball? Answer: no. Output: No
How many balls are purple things or shiny objects? Answer: 3. Output: There are two purple things or shiny objects in the image.
Are there more metallic spheres than things? Answer: no. Output: Yes
How many other green objects have the same size as the matte object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two other green objects that have the same size as the matte object.
What number of things are either large things that are on the left side of the small purple matte ball or small gray objects? Answer: 1. Output: three
Are there fewer small blue rubber cubes than small balls? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
There is a tiny purple sphere; are there any green things to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the number of shiny things right of the small object less than the number of green metallic spheres? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the small sphere? Answer: rubber. Output: The small sphere is made of metal.
The tiny ball is what color? Answer: purple. Output: purple.
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the small gray cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another object that has the same material as the small gray cube. There are two other objects that have the same material as the small gray cube.
Does the small metallic object behind the purple metallic thing have the same shape as the object that is in front of the tiny purple shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the small metallic object behind the purple metallic thing has the same shape as the object that is in front of the tiny purple shiny thing.
What number of objects are blocks that are in front of the tiny purple object or purple cubes? Answer: 2. Output: three
There is a object on the left side of the tiny metal block that is behind the small purple metallic thing; are there any rubber blocks that are behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there fewer blue cubes on the right side of the gray thing than purple blocks that are right of the small blue block? Answer: no. Output: yes
The cube that is the same material as the small purple thing is what color? Answer: blue. Output: gray
There is a small block on the right side of the metal object that is on the right side of the tiny purple metal block; what is its color? Answer: gray. Output: blue
Is there a shiny object that has the same color as the matte cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a shiny object that has the same color as the matte cube. The shiny object has the same color as the matte cube, which is purple.
There is a gray matte object that is the same size as the blue metal thing; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: cube
What number of tiny purple metal objects are to the left of the object to the right of the blue object? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Do the metal thing and the cylinder in front of the large metal thing have the same color? Answer: yes. Output: No, they have different colors.
How many things are matte cylinders in front of the large cylinder or small things left of the gray cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three matte cylinders in front of the large cylinder, and two small things left of the gray cylinder.
There is a yellow thing that is the same size as the gray object; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
How many other objects are there of the same material as the big thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the big thing.
There is a gray object that is right of the large thing; is it the same shape as the object that is in front of the yellow metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the rubber thing behind the green rubber object that is left of the yellow cylinder right of the big metallic cylinder? Answer: gray. Output: red
How many other things are the same color as the big cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the number of yellow matte cylinders less than the number of small brown shiny cylinders? Answer: no. Output: no
What color is the object that is in front of the small green rubber thing and to the left of the yellow rubber object? Answer: yellow. Output: The object that is in front of the small green rubber thing and to the left of the yellow rubber object is gray.
There is another big object that is the same shape as the gray matte thing; what is it made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the big red metallic object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of big cyan metal things right of the yellow thing greater than the number of green metal cubes? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any big cyan blocks in front of the yellow metal object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big cyan blocks in front of the yellow metal object.
There is a yellow thing that is the same shape as the cyan shiny object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the yellow shiny block? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the cyan object have the same shape as the large yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
How many metal cubes are both behind the big red shiny object and in front of the big cyan shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two metal cubes behind the big red shiny object and in front of the big cyan shiny object.
Are there an equal number of metallic objects behind the yellow metal object and cyan cubes that are right of the big red cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of metallic objects behind the yellow metal object and cyan cubes that are right of the big red cube.
There is a thing on the left side of the yellow thing; does it have the same size as the metallic thing that is behind the big yellow thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What material is the large thing that is behind the large red metallic thing and in front of the large cyan metal block? Answer: metal. Output: The large thing that is behind the large red metallic thing and in front of the large cyan metal block is made of plastic.
Are there more small gray balls that are in front of the large cyan metal object than big metal things? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more small gray balls that are in front of the large cyan metal object than big metal things.
How many small things are brown matte blocks or purple objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small things in the image, two of which are brown matte blocks, and one of which is a purple object.
How many other small things have the same shape as the purple rubber object? Answer: 1. Output: 0
What is the material of the tiny gray object to the left of the ball behind the tiny gray matte object? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the tiny gray object to the left of the ball behind the tiny gray matte object is plastic.
There is a rubber ball that is right of the gray thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What number of cyan things are big metal things or rubber things? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there any other things that are made of the same material as the gray thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are three other things that are made of the same material as the gray thing.
There is a cyan thing that is the same shape as the purple object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there an equal number of matte spheres that are right of the big metal sphere and brown matte balls? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of matte spheres that are right of the big metal sphere and brown matte balls.
There is a ball that is both right of the small gray matte thing and in front of the tiny purple sphere; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What number of things are either metal cylinders that are right of the tiny cylinder or large yellow matte cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the material of the gray thing that is the same size as the yellow rubber object? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What color is the large rubber object in front of the metal thing that is behind the tiny metal cylinder? Answer: yellow. Output: The large rubber object in front of the metal thing that is behind the tiny metal cylinder is green.
There is a small green metal object; how many things are behind it? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What is the color of the tiny shiny object? Answer: green. Output: The tiny shiny object is green.
How many small things are brown metallic balls or shiny cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: There are three small things that are brown metallic balls or shiny cylinders.
Does the metallic thing that is behind the small thing have the same color as the matte cylinder in front of the big gray metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the metallic thing behind the small thing has the same color as the matte cylinder in front of the big gray metallic cylinder.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the big metal object? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects of the same color as the big metal object.
The shiny object to the left of the yellow rubber thing has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Are there fewer cyan shiny cylinders than big cyan matte things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of other objects are the same material as the green object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Does the big cyan cylinder that is behind the big blue metallic object have the same material as the big cyan object to the right of the tiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that is the same shape as the big blue metal object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the material of the tiny gray cylinder the same as the large cyan cylinder that is on the left side of the small gray shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the big matte thing behind the big cyan cylinder to the left of the big cylinder that is in front of the cyan rubber object? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the gray metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: No
Is the size of the object behind the purple object the same as the cyan thing left of the big blue thing? Answer: no. Output: no
What is the size of the object behind the large purple matte cylinder? Answer: small. Output: The size of the object behind the large purple matte cylinder is not specified in the image.
There is another metal cylinder that is the same size as the cyan shiny cylinder; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: green
Is the size of the blue metallic thing the same as the purple rubber object? Answer: yes. Output: No, the size of the blue metallic thing is different from the purple rubber object.
What is the material of the big cylinder that is to the right of the cylinder that is behind the small red matte object? Answer: metal. Output: Stainless steel is the material of the big cylinder that is to the right of the cylinder that is behind the small red matte object.
There is a big cyan object that is to the left of the large yellow cylinder; is its shape the same as the cyan rubber thing behind the gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there the same number of red cylinders left of the yellow matte cylinder and small metal objects? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are the same number of red cylinders left of the yellow matte cylinder and small metal objects. Yes, there are the same number of red cylinders left of the yellow matte cylinder and small metal objects.
Is there a yellow thing that is to the left of the purple matte cylinder that is on the right side of the yellow rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there anything else that is the same color as the large metallic cylinder? Answer: no. Output: No, there is nothing else that is the same color as the large metallic cylinder.
Does the large cyan cylinder that is behind the red matte cylinder have the same material as the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there the same number of cylinders that are behind the large metal thing and large gray shiny cylinders that are left of the purple cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of cylinders that are behind the large metal thing and large gray shiny cylinders that are left of the purple cylinder.
What size is the purple rubber thing that is in front of the large cylinder that is on the right side of the purple rubber cylinder? Answer: small. Output: 1 inch
What is the material of the thing that is in front of the big metallic object and behind the yellow rubber cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the thing that is in front of the big metallic object and behind the yellow rubber cylinder is plastic.
What number of other objects are the same size as the red matte object? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Are there any other things that are the same size as the green matte ball? Answer: no. Output: No
What number of other small objects have the same color as the small matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: 0
Is the size of the matte thing that is in front of the red rubber sphere the same as the green matte thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a rubber sphere that is in front of the green matte sphere and behind the red object; what color is it? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
What number of objects are either balls or matte things that are in front of the small green thing? Answer: 4. Output: three
What material is the object behind the large cyan matte object that is to the right of the large sphere that is to the left of the cyan ball? Answer: rubber. Output: The object behind the large cyan matte object that is to the right of the large sphere that is to the left of the cyan ball is plastic.
How many purple objects are big matte spheres or balls? Answer: 0. Output: There is only one purple object, which is a big matte sphere or ball.
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the red matte object? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Is the material of the big red object the same as the big brown sphere? Answer: yes. Output: No, the material of the big red object is different from the big brown sphere.
There is a ball that is behind the red sphere and on the right side of the tiny matte ball; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What size is the rubber block behind the tiny blue cube? Answer: small. Output: The size of the rubber block behind the tiny blue cube is not specified in the image.
How many other objects are there of the same material as the brown thing? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the brown thing.
Is there a small brown matte cube that is behind the cube in front of the brown matte object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a small brown matte cube behind the cube in front of the brown matte object.
The large thing that is the same shape as the small gray matte object is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
The blue matte thing is what size? Answer: small. Output: 10 inches
Are there fewer large rubber objects on the left side of the small blue matte object than small blue metal objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there a gray rubber cube that is behind the thing that is in front of the small cube that is to the left of the tiny blue object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other things that are the same size as the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: No
There is another big cube that is the same material as the gray block; what is its color? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
There is a matte object that is both on the left side of the gray object and right of the tiny brown cube; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
Is the number of matte objects that are left of the big matte object less than the number of big things that are on the right side of the large gray metallic sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the number of matte objects that are left of the big matte object is less than the number of big things that are on the right side of the large gray metallic sphere.
What is the shape of the rubber object that is behind the large ball that is right of the big metal ball? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
How many other objects are there of the same material as the gray thing? Answer: 0. Output: There are three other objects of the same material as the gray thing.
Is there anything else that has the same size as the blue rubber ball? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the number of large rubber balls greater than the number of small blue matte objects? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the size of the matte sphere that is in front of the matte ball that is to the left of the large thing that is right of the large gray sphere? Answer: large. Output: The size of the matte sphere that is in front of the matte ball that is to the left of the large thing that is right of the large gray sphere is small.
Do the blue matte sphere and the thing left of the tiny green rubber ball have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of large blue objects on the left side of the blue ball less than the number of large cyan metal cubes? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many big balls have the same color as the tiny rubber ball? Answer: 0. Output: 1
Is the number of large blue cylinders less than the number of big objects? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a small red metal thing; what number of big blue objects are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: 2
How many other spheres are made of the same material as the tiny red sphere? Answer: 2. Output: There are two other spheres made of the same material as the tiny red sphere.
There is another big sphere that is made of the same material as the gray sphere; what color is it? Answer: blue. Output: blue
The sphere to the right of the tiny ball that is behind the tiny ball on the right side of the small gray metallic object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
There is a shiny ball in front of the red ball; is its size the same as the small red ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of small things are red shiny balls or green cubes? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Are there any shiny balls of the same color as the large metallic thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are three shiny balls of the same color as the large metallic thing.
There is a object that is the same size as the gray metallic sphere; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Does the tiny shiny thing that is behind the red object have the same color as the large sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of objects are either objects that are right of the big blue object or small gray metallic balls? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the shape of the tiny green thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a tiny metallic thing that is to the right of the tiny cylinder that is behind the small metallic object that is on the right side of the large object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: The tiny metallic thing has a cylindrical shape, while the small metallic object that is on the right side of the large object has a rectangular shape.
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the rubber object? Answer: 2. Output: There are two other objects of the same shape as the rubber object.
What material is the small object that is left of the small shiny object to the right of the big blue thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
Is there any other thing that has the same size as the purple object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are the green cylinder and the tiny thing behind the green cylinder made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No
There is a thing that is behind the green cylinder and in front of the large blue rubber object; what material is it? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What color is the small cylinder that is in front of the small object left of the blue thing? Answer: green. Output: purple
What material is the small cylinder to the left of the blue cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The small cylinder to the left of the blue cylinder is made of plastic.
Are there fewer green shiny things than small yellow objects? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a purple cylinder that is the same size as the blue metallic cylinder; what is its material? Answer: metal. Output: aluminum
Are there any other cylinders made of the same material as the small gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are several other cylinders made of the same material as the small gray cylinder.
The tiny cyan thing left of the tiny brown cylinder to the right of the cyan cylinder that is to the left of the small cyan shiny cylinder is what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Does the blue thing have the same size as the brown thing that is to the left of the small brown metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
The tiny thing that is both left of the tiny brown shiny thing and behind the large cylinder has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: circle
What number of big things are either brown things or metal cubes? Answer: 0. Output: 5
Are there an equal number of small blue metallic cylinders in front of the purple metallic thing and small cyan rubber objects on the right side of the tiny brown metal object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of small blue metallic cylinders in front of the purple metallic thing and small cyan rubber objects on the right side of the tiny brown metal object.
What number of other objects are there of the same color as the large matte thing? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is the number of small cyan metal objects behind the purple metallic object the same as the number of purple shiny things? Answer: yes. Output: No
Is the gray metal object the same size as the cyan rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: No
Does the object left of the brown thing have the same size as the metallic ball behind the tiny gray shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a metallic ball that is both in front of the large brown sphere and right of the green shiny thing; how big is it? Answer: small. Output: small
What color is the large thing that is the same shape as the tiny gray shiny thing? Answer: brown. Output: The large thing that is the same shape as the tiny gray shiny thing is gold.
Are there more big brown spheres that are in front of the small gray sphere than gray objects that are left of the large thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more big brown spheres that are in front of the small gray sphere than gray objects that are left of the large thing.
How many other things are the same shape as the tiny gray object? Answer: 2. Output: 3
Is there a large brown shiny thing behind the tiny shiny sphere to the right of the brown sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of blue shiny cubes are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
There is a large sphere; does it have the same color as the small ball that is on the right side of the green thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Is the number of objects greater than the number of yellow metallic objects? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same color as the big metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What material is the small object that is both to the left of the cyan metallic cylinder and in front of the large brown cylinder? Answer: rubber. Output: The small object that is both to the left of the cyan metallic cylinder and in front of the large brown cylinder is made of plastic.
There is a metal cylinder; what number of tiny things are in front of it? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Is the material of the cylinder that is in front of the cyan metal thing the same as the object left of the tiny purple rubber cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
How many things are tiny matte things behind the tiny purple thing or gray matte spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are three tiny matte things behind the tiny purple thing or gray matte spheres.
Are there fewer things behind the purple rubber cylinder than matte things that are in front of the brown thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of other objects are there of the same size as the purple matte thing? Answer: 2. Output: three
Does the purple cylinder have the same material as the small object that is behind the tiny cyan metal cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many things are either small objects behind the tiny metallic cylinder or things that are in front of the tiny metallic cylinder? Answer: 2. Output: There are three small objects behind the tiny metallic cylinder, and there are four things that are in front of the tiny metallic cylinder.
The big thing has what color? Answer: brown. Output: purple.
Are there fewer purple objects to the left of the large brown matte cylinder than blue things? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other things that have the same size as the green rubber cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two red cylinders that are the same size as the green rubber cylinder.
Are there any tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of the same shape as the purple rubber thing. Yes, there are tiny brown things of
The big purple object has what shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
The small green cylinder behind the purple matte object that is in front of the matte object that is behind the large rubber cylinder is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: The small green cylinder behind the purple matte object that is in front of the matte object that is behind the large rubber cylinder is made of plastic.
Are there more big objects on the left side of the green object than large brown metallic cubes? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more big objects on the left side of the green object than large brown metallic cubes.
Is there a shiny object that has the same size as the purple cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a shiny object that has the same size as the purple cylinder.
There is a red cylinder behind the big purple matte object; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
What is the size of the green rubber thing? Answer: small. Output: The size of the green rubber thing is not specified in the image.
What number of cylinders are either rubber objects or yellow matte objects? Answer: 2. Output: 3
What size is the cylinder that is the same material as the small green thing? Answer: large. Output: 10 inches
There is a brown rubber cylinder in front of the big cylinder in front of the large green rubber object; how many brown objects are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: There is one brown rubber cylinder in front of the big cylinder in front of the large green rubber object.
The small brown cylinder that is behind the small brown cylinder to the left of the cylinder behind the big green thing is made of what material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many objects are either small brown rubber things that are in front of the big green cylinder or large green spheres? Answer: 1. Output: There are two small brown rubber things in front of the big green cylinder.
How many other things are the same shape as the brown shiny object? Answer: 3. Output: 2
Is the number of tiny rubber cylinders left of the big brown object greater than the number of brown metal cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the big brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that is the same material as the big brown cylinder. Yes, there is another cylinder that
What is the shape of the large green rubber thing? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
There is a brown metal thing that is the same size as the green object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is there anything else of the same color as the large matte thing? Answer: no. Output: No, the large matte thing is the only one of its color.
Do the metal object and the small brown matte object behind the green thing have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the shape of the yellow object that is behind the large purple object the same as the yellow object that is right of the large green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer green metallic blocks that are left of the large rubber thing than purple rubber objects that are in front of the green object? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many other things are there of the same shape as the big green object? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a thing that is in front of the large matte block and on the right side of the green shiny thing; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: purple
Is the material of the big thing on the left side of the large green shiny cube the same as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there fewer yellow objects that are to the left of the green shiny thing than big cyan cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is there a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there is a large blue sphere made of the same material as the green block. Yes, there
There is a purple block; is it the same size as the yellow thing that is on the left side of the large purple cube? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a ball that has the same color as the rubber cube? Answer: no. Output: No
Are the green thing and the purple thing made of the same material? Answer: no. Output: No, the green thing and the purple thing are made of different materials.
How many things are metal blocks right of the cyan cube or metal cubes in front of the cyan metal object? Answer: 1. Output: There are two metal blocks right of the cyan cube or metal cubes in front of the cyan metal object.
What color is the metallic block that is to the right of the big shiny thing left of the matte block? Answer: yellow. Output: blue
The block that is the same material as the big yellow thing is what color? Answer: cyan. Output: blue
What number of other big things are the same color as the rubber thing? Answer: 0. Output: 2
What number of things are either green balls or large cubes? Answer: 2. Output: 2
What number of big shiny blocks are both behind the large yellow object and to the right of the cyan shiny object? Answer: 0. Output: two
What is the material of the thing that is in front of the yellow thing? Answer: rubber. Output: The material of the thing that is in front of the yellow thing is wood.
What is the size of the other block that is made of the same material as the yellow block? Answer: large. Output: The size of the other block that is made of the same material as the yellow block is smaller than the yellow block.
Is the size of the yellow object behind the brown rubber thing the same as the cube that is in front of the yellow metal cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the size of the yellow object behind the brown rubber thing is the same as the cube that is in front of the yellow metal cube.
The object that is both behind the brown object and in front of the cyan thing is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: metal
There is a metallic ball on the right side of the big blue ball; what is its color? Answer: blue. Output: red
Do the blue object right of the big blue sphere and the big blue thing have the same material? Answer: no. Output: no
How many blue things are in front of the big red matte sphere and behind the large blue ball? Answer: 0. Output: There are two blue things in front of the big red matte sphere and behind the large blue ball.
The rubber object to the right of the metal ball on the left side of the shiny sphere behind the big cyan ball is what color? Answer: blue. Output: red
How many other things are there of the same shape as the big cyan shiny object? Answer: 3. Output: three
Are there any large blue balls that are behind the large matte thing to the right of the large red sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large blue ball behind the large matte thing to the right of the large red sphere.
What number of shiny objects are small balls or brown objects? Answer: 1. Output: There are three shiny objects in the image, two of which are small balls and one of which is a brown object.
There is a thing that is both on the right side of the big cyan shiny ball and left of the tiny blue metallic ball; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
There is a matte ball that is behind the blue sphere that is in front of the blue shiny ball; are there any red spheres in front of it? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a red sphere in front of the blue shiny ball.
Is there any other thing that is the same material as the tiny blue sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
Does the rubber thing that is behind the small purple sphere have the same color as the thing in front of the tiny purple object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of big matte balls are both in front of the tiny matte ball and behind the tiny sphere? Answer: 0. Output: three
What is the tiny purple thing made of? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny purple thing is made of plastic.
What number of tiny purple matte balls are there? Answer: 1. Output: 3
How many other small purple rubber objects have the same shape as the tiny rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: three
There is a big purple thing that is behind the tiny purple sphere; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: egg
Are there any other tiny spheres that have the same color as the tiny rubber sphere? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other tiny spheres that have the same color as the tiny rubber sphere.
There is a large sphere to the right of the ball that is behind the tiny purple matte ball; what number of rubber things are left of it? Answer: 2. Output: three
What number of things are behind the small purple object? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a big matte thing on the left side of the large rubber thing that is in front of the tiny purple matte sphere; what color is it? Answer: purple. Output: purple
Does the large yellow object have the same material as the big object that is in front of the big yellow shiny thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there fewer large green things on the right side of the large green thing than small purple metallic objects to the right of the purple thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
The large sphere that is behind the green metal thing is what color? Answer: yellow. Output: The large sphere that is behind the green metal thing is gold.
There is a shiny object that is behind the yellow ball; does it have the same size as the green sphere? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a large green shiny thing; what number of yellow metal balls are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
Is there a yellow object of the same size as the yellow metallic ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a yellow object of the same size as the yellow metallic ball.
What color is the large shiny thing in front of the big ball behind the large green metallic thing? Answer: green. Output: The large shiny thing in front of the big ball behind the large green metallic thing is gold.
What number of metallic objects are on the right side of the green ball and in front of the purple shiny object? Answer: 1. Output: three
What number of cyan metallic objects have the same shape as the large green metallic object? Answer: 0. Output: three
Is the material of the yellow ball the same as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: No
Are there more purple blocks than red rubber cubes? Answer: yes. Output: No
What number of other objects are the same shape as the purple metal thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
The green cube has what size? Answer: large. Output: 10 cm
There is a shiny cube that is in front of the cube that is behind the small matte block; how many small metallic blocks are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: There are three small metallic blocks in front of the cube that is behind the small matte block.
The small thing that is behind the shiny thing in front of the large green metal block is what shape? Answer: cube. Output: square
What is the size of the other green thing that is the same shape as the small shiny object? Answer: large. Output: 10 times larger
Is there anything else that is the same size as the green cube? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a purple cube that is the same size as the green cube.
There is a metallic block that is in front of the big green shiny block; what is its color? Answer: purple. Output: silver
What material is the large green thing that is behind the metallic object that is to the right of the cube that is on the left side of the small brown rubber block? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
There is a metallic cube that is on the left side of the metallic cube that is in front of the green metal thing; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Do the red object and the gray shiny thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: Yes, the red object and the gray shiny thing have the same size.
The tiny cylinder that is to the right of the small brown object is what color? Answer: gray. Output: red
There is another thing that is the same size as the red shiny thing; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: silver
Is the tiny gray shiny object the same shape as the big red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the brown cylinder to the right of the small brown cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The brown cylinder to the right of the small brown cylinder is made of aluminum.
There is a brown cylinder that is in front of the big brown shiny cylinder; is it the same size as the brown metal object behind the small brown cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
How big is the metallic object that is both to the left of the gray shiny cylinder and in front of the big red object? Answer: small. Output: The metallic object that is both to the left of the gray shiny cylinder and in front of the big red object is small.
There is another tiny metallic object that is the same shape as the small brown metallic object; what color is it? Answer: gray. Output: red
Are there more objects that are in front of the small gray cylinder than big brown metallic cylinders on the left side of the tiny brown object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more objects that are in front of the small gray cylinder than big brown metallic cylinders on the left side of the tiny brown object.
How many other objects are there of the same shape as the small brown object? Answer: 3. Output: There are three other objects of the same shape as the small brown object.
The big cylinder that is behind the purple cylinder that is to the right of the metallic cylinder behind the large red object is made of what material? Answer: metal. Output: Aluminum.
How many cylinders are purple metallic things or red rubber things? Answer: 1. Output: There are two red rubber things and one purple metallic thing.
Is the number of big shiny things right of the big brown object greater than the number of brown metallic objects to the right of the purple matte cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a metallic cylinder to the right of the purple metallic cylinder; how many purple cylinders are in front of it? Answer: 0. Output: two
What number of objects are either large gray cubes or tiny purple cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Does the purple metal thing have the same shape as the matte object? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the large purple cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The large purple cylinder is made of metal.
What number of metallic objects are both in front of the large red thing and behind the tiny purple matte cylinder? Answer: 0. Output: three
Do the brown metallic cylinder and the red cylinder have the same size? Answer: yes. Output: No, they do not have the same size. The brown metallic cylinder is larger than the red cylinder.
There is a purple cylinder on the left side of the matte cylinder; is it the same size as the small thing? Answer: no. Output: no
There is a big object on the left side of the small purple metallic sphere; what is its shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
There is a large sphere in front of the big green rubber ball; does it have the same color as the big object on the left side of the tiny purple object? Answer: no. Output: yes
How many spheres are behind the red matte ball and left of the tiny purple ball? Answer: 1. Output: There are three spheres behind the red matte ball and left of the tiny purple ball.
What size is the green object that is made of the same material as the tiny red thing? Answer: large. Output: The green object is much larger than the tiny red thing.
How big is the purple shiny ball? Answer: small. Output: The purple shiny ball is about the size of a tennis ball.
What is the yellow object made of? Answer: metal. Output: The yellow object is made of plastic.
Do the rubber thing that is behind the red thing and the purple thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of objects are either yellow balls or matte objects? Answer: 3. Output: 3
There is a ball that is in front of the yellow shiny object and to the right of the small red rubber ball; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
How many tiny brown matte things are there? Answer: 0. Output: 0
How many other objects are there of the same size as the cyan shiny thing? Answer: 2. Output: There are three other objects of the same size as the cyan shiny thing.
What material is the tiny cyan thing in front of the small metallic object that is in front of the thing that is behind the tiny red metal object? Answer: rubber. Output: The tiny cyan thing in front of the small metallic object that is in front of the thing that is behind the tiny red metal object is made of plastic.
There is a red shiny ball; does it have the same size as the cyan thing that is left of the big purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a ball that is in front of the small red shiny ball and on the right side of the cyan matte object; what size is it? Answer: large. Output: small
Is there another small thing that has the same color as the matte thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the color of the metal ball in front of the cyan sphere that is on the left side of the tiny cyan shiny object? Answer: purple. Output: The metal ball in front of the cyan sphere on the left side of the tiny cyan shiny object is purple.
Is the number of cyan metal balls left of the cyan metal object less than the number of cyan objects that are to the right of the large ball? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Is the purple object the same size as the rubber ball? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other spheres are the same material as the red sphere? Answer: 2. Output: 3
How many red metal things are on the left side of the small cyan ball that is on the right side of the cyan rubber sphere? Answer: 0. Output: two
Are there any metallic cylinders that have the same color as the small metal thing? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are two metallic cylinders that have the same color as the small metal thing.
There is a red thing that is the same material as the big blue object; what is its size? Answer: small. Output: small
What color is the metal cylinder behind the small red shiny thing? Answer: blue. Output: The metal cylinder behind the small red shiny thing is blue.
Is there a large metallic cylinder on the right side of the large metal object to the left of the big metallic cylinder that is behind the tiny red metallic cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large metallic cylinder on the right side of the large metal object to the left of the big metallic cylinder that is behind the tiny red metallic cylinder.
Are there more metal cylinders that are in front of the big blue cylinder than cyan things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more metal cylinders that are in front of the big blue cylinder than cyan things.
What number of things are either tiny rubber things or cylinders that are behind the blue thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
There is a metallic thing that is both in front of the blue metal cylinder and behind the cyan object; what size is it? Answer: small. Output: small
Are there more tiny cylinders to the right of the blue cylinder than objects that are right of the red metal cylinder? Answer: no. Output: no
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the cyan metallic thing? Answer: 4. Output: 2
The metallic cylinder that is both left of the large blue cylinder and behind the cyan cylinder is what color? Answer: red. Output: blue
Are there any large purple things that have the same shape as the brown object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large purple thing that has the same shape as the brown object.
What is the shape of the large brown rubber thing? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is the number of balls in front of the cyan rubber thing greater than the number of brown things behind the brown sphere? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many other objects are the same size as the purple ball? Answer: 2. Output: 0
What material is the large sphere that is to the right of the cyan sphere and in front of the big brown matte thing? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
There is a big purple thing that is the same shape as the cyan rubber object; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
What number of large brown balls are to the right of the large object that is to the left of the large rubber thing that is behind the big cyan matte ball? Answer: 1. Output: three
How many things are both in front of the big cyan sphere and behind the big cyan rubber sphere? Answer: 0. Output: Three
Does the sphere that is behind the big cyan rubber sphere have the same size as the rubber object in front of the large cyan sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of objects are either things that are in front of the cyan ball or cyan spheres? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the large yellow thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: The large yellow thing is made of metal.
Do the small green shiny thing and the big gray metallic object have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there a large yellow object that has the same material as the large yellow cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a large yellow object that has the same material as the large yellow cylinder.
There is a metallic cylinder that is to the right of the big gray object and behind the green thing; what color is it? Answer: yellow. Output: silver
What is the thing that is right of the green cylinder made of? Answer: metal. Output: metal
Are there any big cyan metal objects of the same shape as the yellow object? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no big cyan metal objects of the same shape as the yellow object.
Do the large yellow object and the object on the left side of the tiny cylinder have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that has the same material as the green cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What material is the yellow object that is the same shape as the small green thing? Answer: metal. Output: plastic
What number of large things are either metal objects or green metal cylinders? Answer: 2. Output: There are three large things that are either metal objects or green metal cylinders.
Does the small red object have the same material as the gray thing? Answer: no. Output: no
How many cyan cylinders are in front of the small cylinder in front of the rubber cylinder in front of the tiny rubber object? Answer: 0. Output: There are two cyan cylinders in front of the small cylinder in front of the rubber cylinder in front of the tiny rubber object.
How many gray cylinders are there? Answer: 1. Output: 2
Are there fewer small cyan cylinders behind the big cylinder than small red cylinders that are to the right of the tiny shiny thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
Is the number of small cyan cylinders that are on the left side of the big rubber cylinder less than the number of big matte cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a small thing that is left of the small thing that is in front of the cylinder on the left side of the small red metallic thing; what is its material? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
How many things are either tiny things that are behind the small red metallic object or tiny cyan rubber objects that are behind the large cylinder? Answer: 1. Output: There are two tiny things that are behind the small red metallic object, and there are three tiny cyan rubber objects that are behind the large cylinder.
There is another tiny object that is the same shape as the small metallic thing; what is it made of? Answer: rubber. Output: plastic
What number of matte things are either small red cylinders or gray objects? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is another thing that is the same material as the big object; what is its shape? Answer: cylinder. Output: cylinder
Is the shape of the tiny thing the same as the large blue object? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a gray metal thing in front of the gray cylinder to the right of the gray shiny object that is in front of the tiny gray cylinder; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: There is a gray metal thing in front of the gray cylinder to the right of the gray shiny object that is in front of the tiny gray cylinder.
What material is the blue cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The blue cylinder is made of metal.
What is the size of the other metal object that is the same color as the small object? Answer: large. Output: The size of the other metal object that is the same color as the small object is not specified in the image.
There is a large blue thing; is it the same shape as the gray thing in front of the tiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the gray cylinder in front of the gray cylinder to the right of the big gray shiny object that is to the left of the small gray shiny cylinder? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the gray cylinder in front of the gray cylinder to the right of the big gray shiny object that is to the left of the small gray shiny cylinder is metal.
How many objects are there? Answer: 3. Output: 3
What number of blue things are big metal cylinders or tiny cylinders? Answer: 1. Output: 1
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the big blue object? Answer: 2. Output: 0
Is the color of the large object behind the large blue metal thing the same as the small shiny cylinder that is on the right side of the large blue thing? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the color of the large object behind the large blue metal thing is the same as the small shiny cylinder that is on the right side of the large blue thing.
How many shiny objects are either tiny gray balls or large things? Answer: 2. Output: There are three shiny objects in the image, two of which are tiny gray balls and one of which is a large object.
Are there fewer large red things right of the large red metallic object than brown matte blocks in front of the brown metal thing? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any large red cubes that are behind the brown matte object that is to the right of the object that is behind the large red cube? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a large red cube that is behind the brown matte object that is to the right of the object that is behind the large red cube.
What material is the cube that is the same color as the big rubber thing? Answer: metal. Output: The cube that is the same color as the big rubber thing is made of metal.
There is a big brown object behind the brown rubber block; is it the same shape as the big brown thing in front of the red block? Answer: yes. Output: no
What is the material of the other brown thing that is the same size as the brown matte object? Answer: metal. Output: The material of the other brown thing that is the same size as the brown matte object is plastic.
Are the brown cube to the left of the red object and the big red thing in front of the brown metallic thing made of the same material? Answer: yes. Output: No, the brown cube to the left of the red object and the big red thing in front of the brown metallic thing are made of different materials.
What is the shape of the brown rubber thing that is the same size as the red cube? Answer: cube. Output: rectangular
How many other things are the same color as the large rubber thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are three other things that are the same color as the large rubber thing.
There is a big thing that is in front of the large red metallic thing; what color is it? Answer: brown. Output: gold
What shape is the thing that is both left of the brown rubber block and in front of the big matte block? Answer: cube. Output: square
How many blue blocks are the same material as the gray thing? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Is the number of brown objects that are to the left of the brown object less than the number of big yellow rubber spheres? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a small metallic object that is in front of the blue cube; are there any tiny objects to the right of it? Answer: yes. Output: no
Do the gray cube and the yellow rubber thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: No
What is the thing that is to the right of the metal thing in front of the rubber cube behind the brown rubber object made of? Answer: rubber. Output: Plastic
Are there an equal number of gray things right of the brown matte cube and yellow matte cylinders? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the yellow cube? Answer: no. Output: no
How many things are large yellow rubber objects or brown matte cubes? Answer: 2. Output: There are two large yellow rubber objects and one brown matte cube.
What shape is the tiny thing that is the same material as the tiny gray block? Answer: cube. Output: square
Is there any other thing that is the same size as the blue shiny sphere? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of red shiny balls are on the left side of the large red thing? Answer: 0. Output: 1
There is a object on the left side of the big metal object in front of the big blue metallic thing; what shape is it? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Is there anything else that is the same shape as the tiny cyan object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there more metal objects that are on the left side of the tiny cyan thing than red things? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a metal sphere that is in front of the blue object; how many big blue objects are on the left side of it? Answer: 0. Output: one
The large metal object in front of the thing behind the big shiny object to the left of the blue ball is what shape? Answer: sphere. Output: sphere
Are there an equal number of big green matte cylinders and big blue metallic objects? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are an equal number of big green matte cylinders and big blue metallic objects.
What size is the cyan object? Answer: small. Output: The size of the cyan object is not specified in the image.
Are there any small green cylinders that have the same material as the tiny cyan ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are small green cylinders that have the same material as the tiny cyan ball.
There is a object to the left of the large cylinder right of the big green cylinder; what is its size? Answer: large. Output: small
Is the number of small metal objects greater than the number of cylinders? Answer: no. Output: yes
Are there more small red objects that are to the right of the large green cylinder than big gray shiny objects to the left of the big gray shiny cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a metallic cylinder that is both in front of the large gray metallic thing and left of the tiny red metallic cylinder; how big is it? Answer: large. Output: small
How many cylinders are the same size as the green metallic thing? Answer: 1. Output: There are two cylinders that are the same size as the green metallic thing.
There is a tiny metal object in front of the large green shiny thing; is it the same shape as the green shiny object? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there fewer gray shiny cylinders in front of the red cylinder than small things? Answer: yes. Output: Yes
Is there a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as the tiny cylinder. Yes, there is a tiny rubber block that has the same color as
Is there a tiny red thing made of the same material as the gray cylinder? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a tiny red thing made of the same material as the gray cylinder.
There is a big cylinder behind the big metallic object left of the large gray shiny object; are there any tiny red metallic cylinders that are behind it? Answer: no. Output: yes
What number of small objects are in front of the cube that is behind the tiny matte block right of the blue metal thing? Answer: 1. Output: two
Is there a tiny rubber object that has the same shape as the large object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there is a tiny rubber object that has the same shape as the large object.
There is a small cyan thing behind the small rubber cube to the right of the large blue metal object; are there any large blue shiny things that are in front of it? Answer: yes. Output: No, there are no large blue shiny things in front of the small rubber cube.
There is a tiny cyan rubber object to the left of the big object; does it have the same shape as the cyan matte object right of the large blue metal block? Answer: yes. Output: yes
There is a small rubber thing on the right side of the large cube; what shape is it? Answer: cube. Output: square
What is the cyan object left of the tiny cyan rubber object to the right of the large shiny cube made of? Answer: rubber. Output: small cube made of rubber
Is the cyan cube that is right of the big cube made of the same material as the big blue thing? Answer: no. Output: yes
There is a small cyan block that is to the left of the large blue thing; are there any cyan cubes behind it? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the small block that is on the right side of the blue object have the same color as the small block on the left side of the large metallic block? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, the small block on the right side of the blue object has the same color as the small block on the left side of the large metallic block.
Do the block to the left of the blue thing and the large blue shiny thing have the same size? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Do the purple thing and the big brown cylinder that is in front of the big green rubber thing have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: yes
How many brown objects have the same shape as the large green thing? Answer: 2. Output: 1
How many big purple rubber things are there? Answer: 1. Output: 1
Do the purple object and the large rubber thing to the right of the large purple cylinder have the same shape? Answer: yes. Output: no
What number of things are either big brown cylinders or matte cylinders in front of the green matte object? Answer: 2. Output: three
What is the material of the big green thing that is the same shape as the purple rubber object? Answer: rubber. Output: rubber
There is a rubber object right of the purple matte thing; is it the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there any other things that are the same size as the green thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
Is the number of purple cylinders in front of the big green matte thing less than the number of brown objects behind the big purple object? Answer: no. Output: 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
What number of other objects are there of the same shape as the purple thing? Answer: 3. Output: 3
Is there another green metallic sphere of the same size as the metal sphere? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there is another green metallic sphere of the same size as the metal sphere.
Is there another green metallic object of the same shape as the large green thing? Answer: no. Output: no
Does the tiny gray sphere have the same material as the sphere that is right of the gray matte object? Answer: yes. Output: yes
Are there any other tiny things of the same color as the metal thing? Answer: no. Output: No, there are no other tiny things of the same color as the metal thing.
What number of other things are made of the same material as the gray sphere? Answer: 1. Output: 3
There is a large ball; is it the same color as the matte thing to the left of the red rubber object? Answer: no. Output: no
Are there more green shiny spheres in front of the tiny red object than small gray balls? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are more green shiny spheres in front of the tiny red object than small gray balls.
There is a rubber sphere that is to the left of the tiny rubber sphere to the right of the gray thing; what number of balls are behind it? Answer: 1. Output: three
There is a green object that is behind the tiny red ball; does it have the same shape as the tiny red thing? Answer: yes. Output: no
There is a ball on the right side of the gray matte thing; what material is it? Answer: rubber. Output: metal
Are there any other metallic objects of the same shape as the large yellow object? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are three other metallic objects of the same shape as the large yellow object in the image.
There is a big metal thing that is in front of the red shiny ball; is there a thing on the right side of it? Answer: yes. Output: yes
What number of gray spheres have the same material as the yellow thing? Answer: 1. Output: 3
Are there any small blue rubber cubes? Answer: no. Output: No
Do the red sphere and the big yellow sphere that is right of the big gray object have the same material? Answer: yes. Output: no
Are there more big spheres that are in front of the yellow shiny thing than gray rubber balls? Answer: yes. Output: Yes, there are more big spheres that are in front of the yellow shiny thing than gray rubber balls.
Are there the same number of large yellow balls that are behind the gray ball and large things that are to the right of the big red ball? Answer: no. Output: Yes, there are the same number of large yellow balls that are behind the gray ball and large things that are to the right of the big red ball.
What is the large ball that is right of the gray metallic thing made of? Answer: metal. Output: The large ball that is right of the gray metallic thing is made of gold.
How many objects are either large metallic things that are to the right of the gray metal thing or large yellow balls? Answer: 1. Output: There are two large metallic things that are to the right of the gray metal thing, and there is one large yellow ball.
What number of other things are there of the same shape as the big yellow metallic thing? Answer: 2. Output: 3
